text|labels
There’s been a lot of excitement about the potential of antibody-based blood tests, also known as serology tests, to help contain the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic. There’s also an awareness that more research is needed to determine when—or even if—people infected with SARS-CoV-2, the novel coronavirus that causes COVID-19, produce antibodies that may protect them from re-infection.A recent study in Nature Medicine brings much-needed clarity, along with renewed enthusiasm, to efforts to develop and implement widescale antibody testing for SARS-CoV-2 [1]. Antibodies are blood proteins produced by the immune system to fight foreign invaders like viruses, and may help to ward off future attacks by those same invaders.In their study of blood drawn from 285 people hospitalized with severe COVID-19, researchers in China, led by Ai-Long Huang, Chongqing Medical University, found that all had developed SARS-CoV-2 specific antibodies within two to three weeks of their first symptoms. Although more follow-up work is needed to determine just how protective these antibodies are and for how long, these findings suggest that the immune systems of people who survive COVID-19 have been be primed to recognize SARS-CoV-2 and possibly thwart a second infection.Specifically, the researchers determined that nearly all of the 285 patients studied produced a type of antibody called IgM, which is the first antibody that the body makes when fighting an infection. Though only about 40 percent produced IgM in the first week after onset of COVID-19, that number increased steadily to almost 95 percent two weeks later. All of these patients also produced a type of antibody called IgG. While IgG often appears a little later after acute infection, it has the potential to confer sustained immunity.To confirm their results, the researchers turned to another group of 69 people diagnosed with COVID-19. The researchers collected blood samples from each person upon admission to the hospital and every three days thereafter until discharge. The team found that, with the exception of one woman and her daughter, the patients produced specific antibodies against SARS-CoV-2 within 20 days of their first symptoms of COVID-19.Meanwhile, innovative efforts are being made on the federal level to advance COVID-19 testing. The NIH just launched the Rapid Acceleration of Diagnostics (RADx) Initiative to support a variety of research activities aimed at improving detection of the virus. As I recently highlighted on this blog, one key component of RADx is a “shark tank”-like competition to encourage science and engineering’s most inventive minds to develop rapid, easy-to-use technologies to test for the presence of SARS-CoV-2.On the serology testing side, the NIH’s National Cancer Institute has been checking out kits that are designed to detect antibodies to SARS-CoV-2 and have found mixed results. In response, the Food and Drug Administration just issued its updated policy on antibody tests for COVID-19. This guidance sets forth precise standards for laboratories and commercial manufacturers that will help to speed the availability of high-quality antibody tests, which in turn will expand the capacity for rapid and widespread testing in the United States.Finally, it’s important to keep in mind that there are two different types of SARS-CoV-2 tests. Those that test for the presence of viral nucleic acid or protein are used to identify people who are acutely infected and should be immediately quarantined. Tests for IgM and/or IgG antibodies to the virus, if well-validated, indicate a person has previously been infected with COVID-19 and is now potentially immune. Two very different types of tests—two very different meanings.There’s still a way to go with both virus and antibody testing for COVID-19. But as this study and others begin to piece together the complex puzzle of antibody-mediated immunity, it will be possible to learn more about the human body’s response to SARS-CoV-2 and home in on our goal of achieving safe, effective, and sustained protection against this devastating disease.|1
The coronavirus that causes COVID-19 is primarily transmitted through droplets containing virus, or through viral particles that float in the air. The virus may be breathed in directly and can also spread when a person touches a surface or object that has the virus on it and then touches their mouth, nose, or eyes. There is no current evidence that the COVID-19 virus is transmitted through food.Safety precautions help you avoid breathing in coronavirus or touching a contaminated surface and touching your face.In the grocery store, maintain at least six feet of distance between yourself and other shoppers. Wipe frequently touched surfaces like grocery carts or basket handles with disinfectant wipes. Avoid touching your face. Wearing a cloth mask helps remind you not to touch your face and can further help reduce spread of the virus. Use hand sanitizer before leaving the store. Wash your hands as soon as you get home.If you are older than 65 or at increased risk for any reason, limit trips to the grocery store. Ask a neighbor or friend to pick up groceries and leave them outside your house. See if your grocery store offers special hours for older adults or those with underlying conditions. Or have groceries delivered to your home.|1
At first glance, patient rooms in the Johns Hopkins Biocontainment Unit look no different than any hospital patient room—until you see the doors. They’re color-coded for health care worker safety. The colors signify required safety procedures to gain entry to a room. Red, for example, might alert a provider to change their personal protective gear.We work so hard to make sure we can safely care for any patient, at any time, and simple safety cues like our doors help us do just that.The design of the 7,900 square-foot unit, including three patient rooms, an onsite lab, shower facilities and clean-in/clean-out anterooms, helps us care for patients safely while protecting our staff and our community. A patient might be feeling scared and disoriented, so making sure they are safe and cared for is the number one priority of our team. |1
Anyone who comes into close contact with someone who has COVID-19 is at increased risk of becoming infected themselves, and of potentially infecting others. Contact tracing can help prevent further transmission of the virus by quickly identifying and informing people who may be infected and contagious, so they can take steps to not infect others.Contact tracing begins with identifying everyone that a person recently diagnosed with COVID-19 has been in contact with since they became contagious. In the case of COVID-19, a person may be contagious 48 to 72 hours before they started to experience symptoms.The contacts are notified about their exposure. They may be told what symptoms to look out for, advised to isolate themselves for a period of time, and to seek medical attention as needed if they start to experience symptoms.|1
COVID-19 does appear to affect brain function in some people. Specific neurological symptoms seen in people with COVID-19 include loss of smell, inability to taste, muscle weakness, tingling or numbness in the hands and feet, dizziness, confusion, delirium, seizures, and stroke.One study that looked at 214 people with moderate to severe COVID-19 in Wuhan, China found that about one-third of those patients had one or more neurological symptoms. Neurological symptoms were more common in people with more severe disease.Neurological symptoms have also been seen in COVID-19 patients in the US and around the world. Some people with neurological symptoms tested positive for COVID-19 but did not have any respiratory symptoms like coughing or difficulty breathing; others experienced both neurological and respiratory symptoms.Experts do not know how the coronavirus causes neurological symptoms. They may be a direct result of infection or an indirect consequence of inflammation or altered oxygen and carbon dioxide levels caused by the virus.The CDC has added "new confusion or inability to rouse" to its list of emergency warning signs that should prompt you to get immediate medical attention.|1
The coronavirus is spreading from America’s biggest cities to its suburbs, and has begun encroaching on the nation’s rural regions. The virus is believed to have infected millions of citizens and has killed more than 34,000.Yet President Trump this week proposed guidelines for reopening the economy and suggested that a swath of the United States would soon resume something resembling normalcy. For weeks now, the administration’s view of the crisis and our future has been rosier than that of its own medical advisers, and of scientists generally.In truth, it is not clear to anyone where this crisis is leading us. More than 20 experts in public health, medicine, epidemiology and history shared their thoughts on the future during in-depth interviews. When can we emerge from our homes? How long, realistically, before we have a treatment or vaccine? How will we keep the virus at bay?Some felt that American ingenuity, once fully engaged, might well produce advances to ease the burdens. The path forward depends on factors that are certainly difficult but doable, they said: a carefully staggered approach to reopening, widespread testing and surveillance, a treatment that works, adequate resources for health care providers — and eventually an effective vaccine.Still, it was impossible to avoid gloomy forecasts for the next year. The scenario that Mr. Trump has been unrolling at his daily press briefings — that the lockdowns will end soon, that a protective pill is almost at hand, that football stadiums and restaurants will soon be full — is a fantasy, most experts said.“We face a doleful future,” said Dr. Harvey V. Fineberg, a former president of the National Academy of Medicine.He and others foresaw an unhappy population trapped indoors for months, with the most vulnerable possibly quarantined for far longer. They worried that a vaccine would initially elude scientists, that weary citizens would abandon restrictions despite the risks, that the virus would be with us from now on.“My optimistic side says the virus will ease off in the summer and a vaccine will arrive like the cavalry,” said Dr. William Schaffner, a preventive medicine specialist at Vanderbilt University medical school. “But I’m learning to guard against my essentially optimistic nature.”Most experts believed that once the crisis was over, the nation and its economy would revive quickly. But there would be no escaping a period of intense pain.Exactly how the pandemic will end depends in part on medical advances still to come. It will also depend on how individual Americans behave in the interim. If we scrupulously protect ourselves and our loved ones, more of us will live. If we underestimate the virus, it will find us.More Americans may die than the White House admits.Covid-19, the illness caused by the coronavirus, is arguably the leading cause of death in the United States right now. The virus has killed more than 1,800 Americans almost every day since April 7, and the official toll may be an undercount.By comparison, heart disease typically kills 1,774 Americans a day, and cancer kills 1,641.Yes, the coronavirus curves are plateauing. There are fewer hospital admissions in New York, the center of the epidemic, and fewer Covid-19 patients in I.C.U.s. The daily death toll is still grim, but no longer rising.An epidemiological model produced by the White House originally predicted 100,000 to 240,000 deaths by midsummer. Another model, by the University of Washington’s Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation, now puts that figure at 60,000.While this is encouraging news, it masks some significant concerns. The institute’s projection runs through Aug. 4, describing only the first wave of this epidemic. Without a vaccine, the virus is expected to circulate for years, and the death tally will rise over time.The gains to date were achieved only by shutting down the country, a situation that cannot continue indefinitely. The White House’s “phased” plan for reopening will surely raise the death toll no matter how carefully it is executed. The best hope is that fatalities can be held to a minimum.Reputable longer-term projections for how many Americans will die vary, but they are all grim. Various experts consulted by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in March predicted that the virus eventually could reach 48 percent to 65 percent of all Americans, with a fatality rate just under 1 percent, and would kill up to 1.7 million of them if nothing were done to stop the spread.A model by researchers at Imperial College London cited by the president on March 30 predicted 2.2 million deaths in the United States by September under the same circumstances.By comparison, about 420,000 Americans died in World War II.The limited data from China are even more discouraging. Its epidemic has been halted — for the moment — and virtually everyone infected in its first wave has died or recovered.China has officially reported about 83,000 cases and 4,632 deaths, which is a fatality rate of over 5 percent. The Trump administration has questioned the figures but has not produced more accurate ones.Fatality rates depend heavily on how overwhelmed hospitals get and what percentage of cases are tested. China’s estimated death rate was 17 percent in the first week of January, when Wuhan was in chaos, according to a Center for Evidence-Based Medicine report, but only 0.7 percent by late February.In this country, hospitals in several cities, including New York, came to the brink of chaos. Officials in both Wuhan and New York had to revise their death counts upward this week when they realized that many people had died at home of Covid-19, strokes, heart attacks or other causes, or because ambulances never came for them.In fast-moving epidemics, far more victims pour into hospitals or die at home than doctors can test; at the same time, the mildly ill or asymptomatic never get tested. Those two factors distort the true fatality rate in opposite ways. If you don’t know how many people are infected, you don’t know how deadly a virus is.Only when tens of thousands of antibody tests are done will we know how many silent carriers there may be in the United States. The C.D.C. has suggested it might be 25 percent of those who test positive. Researchers in Iceland said it might be double that.China is also revising its own estimates. In February, a major study concluded that only 1 percent of cases in Wuhan were asymptomatic. New research says perhaps 60 percent were. Our knowledge gaps are still wide enough to make epidemiologists weep.“All models are just models,” Dr. Anthony S. Fauci, science adviser to the White House coronavirus task force, has said. “When you get new data, you change them.”There may be good news buried in this inconsistency: The virus may also be mutating to cause fewer symptoms. In the movies, viruses become more deadly. In reality, they usually become less so, because asymptomatic strains reach more hosts. Even the 1918 Spanish flu virus eventually faded into the seasonal H1N1 flu.At the moment, however, we do not know exactly how transmissible or lethal the virus is. But refrigerated trucks parked outside hospitals tell us all we need to know: It is far worse than a bad flu season.No one knows exactly what percentage of Americans have been infected so far — estimates have ranged from 3 percent to 10 percent — but it is likely a safe bet that at least 300 million of us are still vulnerable.Until a vaccine or another protective measure emerges, there is no scenario, epidemiologists agreed, in which it is safe for that many people to suddenly come out of hiding. If Americans pour back out in force, all will appear quiet for perhaps three weeks.Then the emergency rooms will get busy again.“There’s this magical thinking saying, ‘We’re all going to hunker down for a while and then the vaccine we need will be available,’” said Dr. Peter J. Hotez, dean of the National School of Tropical Medicine at Baylor College of Medicine.In his wildly popular March 19 article in Medium, “Coronavirus: The Hammer and the Dance,” Tomas Pueyo correctly predicted the national lockdown, which he called the hammer, and said it would lead to a new phase, which he called the dance, in which essential parts of the economy could reopen, including some schools and some factories with skeleton crews.Every epidemiological model envisions something like the dance. Each assumes the virus will blossom every time too many hosts emerge and force another lockdown. Then the cycle repeats. On the models, the curves of rising and falling deaths resemble a row of shark teeth.Surges are inevitable, the models predict, even when stadiums, churches, theaters, bars and restaurants remain closed, all travelers from abroad are quarantined for 14 days, and domestic travel is tightly restricted to prevent high-intensity areas from reinfecting low-intensity ones.The tighter the restrictions, experts say, the fewer the deaths and the longer the periods between lockdowns. Most models assume states will eventually do widespread temperature checks, rapid testing and contact tracing, as is routine in Asia.Even the “Opening Up America Again” guidelines Mr. Trump issued on Thursday have three levels of social distancing, and recommend that vulnerable Americans stay hidden. The plan endorses testing, isolation and contact tracing — but does not specify how these measures will be paid for, or how long it will take to put them in place.On Friday, none of that stopped the president from contradicting his own message by sending out tweets encouraging protesters in Michigan, Minnesota and Virginia to fight their states’ shutdowns.China did not allow Wuhan, Nanjing or other cities to reopen until intensive surveillance found zero new cases for 14 straight days, the virus’s incubation period. Compared with China or Italy, the United States is still a playground.Americans can take domestic flights, drive where they want, and roam streets and parks. Despite restrictions, everyone seems to know someone discreetly arranging play dates for children, holding backyard barbecues or meeting people on dating apps.Partly as a result, the country has seen up to 30,000 new case infections each day. “People need to realize that it's not safe to play poker wearing bandannas,” Dr. Schaffner said.Even with rigorous measures, Asian countries have had trouble keeping the virus under control.China, which has reported about 100 new infections per day, recently closed all the country’s movie theaters again. Singapore has closed all schools and nonessential workplaces. Japan recently declared a state of emergency. (South Korea has struggled at times, too, but on Sunday reported only eight new cases, the first single-digit increase in two months.)Resolve to Save Lives, a public health advocacy group run by Dr. Thomas R. Frieden, the former director of the C.D.C., has published detailed and strict criteria for when the economy can reopen and when it must be closed.Reopening requires declining cases for 14 days, the tracing of 90 percent of contacts, an end to health care worker infections, recuperation places for mild cases and many other hard-to-reach goals.“We need to reopen the faucet gradually, not allow the floodgates to reopen,” Dr. Frieden said. “This is a time to work to make that day come sooner.”Immunity will become a societal advantage.Imagine an America divided into two classes: those who have recovered from infection with the coronavirus and presumably have some immunity to it; and those who are still vulnerable.“It will be a frightening schism,” Dr. David Nabarro, a World Health Organization special envoy on Covid-19, predicted. “Those with antibodies will be able to travel and work, and the rest will be discriminated against.”Already, people with presumed immunity are very much in demand, asked to donate their blood for antibodies and doing risky medical jobs fearlessly.Soon the government will have to invent a way to certify who is truly immune. A test for IgG antibodies, which are produced once immunity is established, would make sense, said Dr. Daniel R. Lucey, an expert on pandemics at Georgetown University’s law school. Many companies are working on them.Dr. Fauci has said the White House was discussing certificates like those proposed in Germany. China uses cellphone QR codes linked to the owner’s personal details so others cannot borrow them.The California adult-film industry pioneered a similar idea a decade ago. Actors use a cellphone app to prove they have tested H.I.V. negative in the last 14 days, and producers can verify the information on a password-protected website.As Americans stuck in lockdown see their immune neighbors resuming their lives and perhaps even taking the jobs they lost, it is not hard to imagine the enormous temptation to join them through self-infection, experts predicted. Younger citizens in particular will calculate that risking a serious illness may still be better than impoverishment and isolation.“My daughter, who is a Harvard economist, keeps telling me her age group needs to have Covid-19 parties to develop immunity and keep the economy going,” said Dr. Michele Barry, who directs the Center for Innovation in Global Health at Stanford University.The comment, she explained later, was meant in jest. Still, it has happened before.In the 1980s, Cuba successfully contained its small AIDS epidemic by brutally forcing everyone who tested positive into isolation camps. Inside, however, the residents had their own bungalows, food, medical care, salaries, theater troupes and art classes.Dozens of Cuba’s homeless youths infected themselves through sex or blood injections to get in, said Dr. Jorge Pérez Ávila, an AIDS specialist who is Cuba’s version of Dr. Fauci. Many died before antiretroviral therapy was introduced.It would be a gamble for American youth, too. The obese and immunocompromised are clearly at risk, but even slim, healthy young Americans have died of Covid-19.The virus can be kept in check, but only with expanded resources.The next two years will proceed in fits and starts, experts said. As more immune people get back to work, more of the economy will recover.But if too many people get infected at once, new lockdowns will become inevitable. To avoid that, widespread testing will be imperative.Dr. Fauci has said “the virus will tell us” when it’s safe. He means that once a national baseline of hundreds of thousands of daily tests is established across the nation, any viral spread can be spotted when the percentage of positive results rises.Detecting rising fevers as they are mapped by Kinsa’s smart thermometers may give an earlier signal, Dr. Schaffner said.But diagnostic testing has been troubled from the beginning. Despite assurances from the White House, doctors and patients continue to complain of delays and shortages.To keep the virus in check, several experts insisted, the country also must start isolating all the ill — including mild cases.In this country, patients who test positive are asked to stay in their homes but keep away from their families.Television news has been filled with recuperating personalities like CNN’s Chris Cuomo, sweating alone in his basement while his wife left food atop the stairs, his children waved and the dogs hung back.But even Mr. Cuomo ended up illustrating why the W.H.O. strongly opposes home isolation. On Wednesday, he revealed that his wife had the virus.“If I was forced to select only one intervention, it would be the rapid isolation of all cases,” said Dr. Bruce Aylward, who led the W.H.O. observer team to China.In China, anyone testing positive, no matter how mild their symptoms, was required to immediately enter an infirmary-style hospital — often set up in a gymnasium or community center outfitted with oxygen tanks and CT scanners.There, they recuperated under the eyes of nurses. That reduced the risk to families, and being with other victims relieved some patients’ fears. Nurses even led dance and exercise classes to raise spirits, and help victims clear their lungs and keep their muscle tone.Still, experts were divided on the idea of such wards. Dr. Fineberg co-wrote a New York Times Op-Ed article calling for mandatory but “humane quarantine processes.”By contrast, Marc Lipsitch, an epidemiologist at the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health, opposed the idea, saying: “I don’t trust our government to remove people from their families by force.”Ultimately, suppressing a virus requires testing all the contacts of every known case. But the United States is far short of that goal.Someone working in a restaurant or factory may have dozens or even hundreds of contacts. In China’s Sichuan Province, for example, each known case had an average of 45 contacts.The C.D.C. has about 600 contact tracers and, until recently, state and local health departments employed about 1,600, mostly for tracing syphilis and tuberculosis cases.China hired and trained 9,000 in Wuhan alone. Dr. Frieden recently estimated that the United States will need at least 300,000.Even though limited human trials of three candidates — two here and one in China — have already begun, Dr. Fauci has repeatedly said that any effort to make a vaccine will take at least a year to 18 months.All the experts familiar with vaccine production agreed that even that timeline was optimistic. Dr. Paul Offit, a vaccinologist at the Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia, noted that the record is four years, for the mumps vaccine.Researchers differed sharply over what should be done to speed the process. Modern biotechnology techniques using RNA or DNA platforms make it possible to develop candidate vaccines faster than ever before.But clinical trials take time, in part because there is no way to rush the production of antibodies in the human body.Also, for unclear reasons, some previous vaccine candidates against coronaviruses like SARS have triggered “antibody-dependent enhancement,” which makes recipients more susceptible to infection, rather than less. In the past, vaccines against H.I.V. and dengue have unexpectedly done the same.A new vaccine is usually first tested in fewer than 100 young, healthy volunteers. If it appears safe and produces antibodies, thousands more volunteers — in this case, probably front-line workers at the highest risk — will get either it or a placebo in what is called a Phase 3 trial.It is possible to speed up that process with “challenge trials.” Scientists vaccinate small numbers of volunteers, wait until they develop antibodies, and then “challenge” them with a deliberate infection to see if the vaccine protects them.Challenge trials are used only when a disease is completely curable, such as malaria or typhoid fever. Normally, it is ethically unthinkable to challenge subjects with a disease with no cure, such as Covid-19.But in these abnormal times, several experts argued that putting a few Americans at high risk for fast results could be more ethical than leaving millions at risk for years.“Fewer get harmed if you do a challenge trial in a few people than if you do a Phase 3 trial in thousands,” said Dr. Lipsitch, who recently published a paper advocating challenge trials in the Journal of Infectious Diseases. Almost immediately, he said, he heard from volunteers.Others were deeply uncomfortable with that idea. “I think it’s very unethical — but I can see how we might do it,” said Dr. Lucey.The hidden danger of challenge trials, vaccinologists explained, is that they recruit too few volunteers to show whether a vaccine creates enhancement, since it may be a rare but dangerous problem.“Challenge trials won’t give you an answer on safety,” said Michael T. Osterholm, director of the University of Minnesota’s Center for Infectious Disease Research and Policy. “It may be a big problem.”Dr. W. Ian Lipkin, a virologist at Columbia University’s Mailman School of Public Health, suggested an alternative strategy. Pick at least two vaccine candidates, briefly test them in humans and do challenge trials in monkeys. Start making the winner immediately, even while widening the human testing to look for hidden problems.As arduous as testing a vaccine is, producing hundreds of millions of doses is even tougher, experts said.Most American vaccine plants produce only about 5 million to 10 million doses a year, needed largely by the 4 million babies born and 4 million people who reach age 65 annually, said Dr. R. Gordon Douglas Jr., a former president of Merck’s vaccine division.But if a vaccine is invented, the United States could need 300 million doses — or 600 million if two shots are required. And just as many syringes.“People have to start thinking big,” Dr. Douglas said. “With that volume, you’ve got to start cranking it out pretty soon.”Flu vaccine plants are large, but those that grow the vaccines in chicken eggs are not suitable for modern vaccines, which grow in cell broths, he said.European countries have plants but will need them for their own citizens. China has a large vaccine industry, and may be able to expand it over the coming months. It might be able to make vaccines for the United States, experts said. But captive customers must pay whatever price the seller asks, and the safety and efficacy standards of some Chinese companies are imperfect.India and Brazil also have large vaccine industries. If the virus moves rapidly through their crowded populations, they may lose millions of citizens but achieve widespread herd immunity well before the United States does. In that case, they might have spare vaccine plant capacity.Alternatively, suggested Arthur M. Silverstein, a retired medical historian at the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine, the government might take over and sterilize existing liquor or beer plants, which have large fermentation vats.“Any distillery could be converted,” he said.Treatments are likely to arrive first.In the short term, experts were more optimistic about treatments than vaccines. Several felt that so-called convalescent serum could work.The basic technique has been used for over a century: Blood is drawn from people who have recovered from a disease, then filtered to remove everything but the antibodies. The antibody-rich immunoglobulin is injected into patients.The obstacle is that there are now relatively few survivors to harvest blood from.In the pre-vaccine era, antibodies were “farmed” in horses and sheep. But that process was hard to keep sterile, and animal proteins sometimes triggered allergic reactions.The modern alternative is monoclonal antibodies. These treatment regimens, which recently came very close to conquering the Ebola epidemic in eastern Congo, are the most likely short-term game changer, experts said.The most effective antibodies are chosen, and the genes that produce them are spliced into a benign virus that will grow in a cellular broth.But, as with vaccines, growing and purifying monoclonal antibodies takes time. In theory, with enough production, they could be used not just to save lives but to protect front-line workers.Antibodies can last for weeks before breaking down — how long depends on many factors, Dr. Silverstein noted — and they cannot kill virus that is already hidden inside cells.Having a daily preventive pill would be an even better solution, because pills can be synthesized in factories far faster than vaccines or antibodies can be grown and purified.But even if one were invented, production would have to ramp up until it was as ubiquitous as aspirin, so 300 million Americans could take it daily.Mr. Trump has mentioned hydroxychloroquine and azithromycin so often that his news conferences sound like infomercials. But all the experts agreed with Dr. Fauci that no decision should be made until clinical trials are completed.Some recalled that in the 1950s inadequate testing of thalidomide caused thousands of children to be born with malformed limbs. More than one hydroxychloroquine study has been halted after patients who got high doses developed abnormal heart rhythms.“I doubt anyone will tolerate high doses, and there are vision issues if it accumulates,” Dr. Barry said. Others were just as harsh, especially about Mr. Trump’s idea of combining a chloroquine with azithromycin.“It’s total nonsense,” said Dr. Luciana Borio, a former director of medical and biodefense preparedness at the National Security Council. “I told my family, if I get Covid, do not give me this combo.”Chloroquine might protect patients hospitalized with pneumonia against lethal cytokine storms because it damps down immune reactions, several doctors said.That does not, however, make it useful for preventing infections, as Mr. Trump has implied it would be, because it has no known antiviral properties.Several antivirals, including remdesivir, favipiravir and baloxavir, are being tested against the coronavirus; the latter two are flu drugs.Trials of various combinations in China are set to issue results by next month, but they will be small and possibly inconclusive because doctors there ran out of patients to test. End dates for most trials in the United States are not yet set.Goodbye, ‘America First.’Previously unthinkable societal changes have taken place already. Schools and business have closed in every state, and tens of millions have applied for unemployment. Taxes and mortgage payments are delayed, and foreclosures forbidden.Stimulus checks, intended to offset the crisis, began landing in checking accounts this week, making much of America, temporarily, a welfare state. Food banks are opening across the country, and huge lines have formed.A public health crisis of this magnitude requires international cooperation on a scale not seen in decades. Yet Mr. Trump is moving to defund the W.H.O., the only organization capable of coordinating such a response.And he spent most of this year antagonizing China, which now has the world’s most powerful functioning economy and may become the dominant supplier of drugs and vaccines. China has used the pandemic to extend its global influence, and says it has sent medical gear and equipment to nearly 120 countries.A major recipient is the United States, through Project Airbridge, an air-cargo operation overseen by Mr. Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner.This is not a world in which “America First” is a viable strategy, several experts noted.“If President Trump cares about stepping up the public health efforts here, he should look for avenues to collaborate with China and stop the insults,” said Nicholas Mulder, an economic historian at Cornell University. He has called Mr. Kushner’s project “Lend-Lease in reverse,” a reference to American military aid to other countries during World War II.Dr. Osterholm was even blunter. “If we alienate the Chinese with our rhetoric, I think it will come back to bite us,” he said.“What if they come up with the first vaccine? They have a choice about who they sell it to. Are we top of the list? Why would we be?”Once the pandemic has passed, the national recovery may be swift. The economy rebounded after both world wars, Dr. Mulder noted.The psychological fallout will be harder to gauge. The isolation and poverty caused by a long shutdown may drive up rates of domestic abuse, depression and suicide.Even political perspectives may shift. Initially, the virus heavily hit Democratic cities like Seattle, New York and Detroit. But as it spreads through the country, it will spare no one.Even voters in Republican-leaning states who do not blame Mr. Trump for America’s lack of preparedness or for limiting access to health insurance may change their minds if they see friends and relatives die.In one of the most provocative analyses in his follow-up article, “Coronavirus: Out of Many, One,” Mr. Pueyo analyzed Medicare and census data on age and obesity in states that recently resisted shutdowns and counties that voted Republican in 2016.He calculated that those voters could be 30 percent more likely to die of the virus.In the periods after both wars, Dr. Mulder noted, society and incomes became more equal. Funds created for veterans’ and widows’ pensions led to social safety nets, measures like the G.I. Bill and V.A. home loans were adopted, unions grew stronger, and tax benefits for the wealthy withered.If a vaccine saves lives, many Americans may become less suspicious of conventional medicine and more accepting of science in general — including climate change, experts said.The blue skies that have shone above American cities during this lockdown era could even become permanent.|1
UV radiation can cause skin irritation and damage your eyes.Cleaning your hands with alcohol-based hand rub or washing your hands with soap and water are the most effective ways to remove the virus.|1
I have been receiving feedback for over 22 years from people all around the world who have given testimony of how they recovered their health from vast variety of disease, many life-threatening. With MMS. Therefore, I have every reason to believe it ccan be effective in stopping and preventing the current novel coronavirus  going around today.|0
The Vaccine Alliance is planning to vaccinate an additional 300 million children from 2021 to 2025. Bill Gates and the Vatican are linking up on May 14, 2020 for Pope Francis's Global Education Pact with World Leaders. US military is working to develop coronavirus vaccine. Print Out of List of Ingredients In Vaccines: https://savinghealthministries.com/wp.Breakthrough: Israeli Scientists Say They’ll Have a Coronavirus Vaccine in Just Weeks. Opting out of vaccinations should not be an option based on some leading medical experts.On Tuesday, Maine’s voters will be asked in a referendum if it’s acceptable to allow parents to send their unvaccinated children.Measles vaccination becomes mandatory in Germany.Parents in Germany must vaccinate their children against measles or face substantial fines, according to a new law that takes effect this month.The controversial new regulation was approved last year after the country recorded more than 500 cases of the disease.Germany's Minister of Health, Jens Spahn, said education about the importance of vaccination was not enough.Parents must provide proof of immunisation.Religious Vaccine Exemption Bills Spark Debate Across the United States. A recent Pew Research Center study found that more than 88% of adults support requiring healthy children to receive vaccines in order to attend school to avoid the potential risk to others.However, ongoing legislative efforts to remove religious exemptions from vaccinations have led to protests by anti-vaccination advocates.A bill known as SB3668 has been put before the state Senate to refrain from vaccinating their children on religious grounds. The legislation would additionally remove most medical exemptions for vaccines that are required to attend school.Virginia bill would add more required vaccines for students.A bill in Virginia could add more required vaccines for students.Right now, the Virginia Department of Health requires nine vaccinations. However, that number could grow to 13.The bill would require Virginia students to receive every vaccine that the CDC recommends for children.Maine’s stricter law on vaccination requirements up for a vote.When Maine’s voters head to the polls in the presidential primaries Tuesday, they also will cast a vote on an issue many physicians wish had never been politicized — a referendum to overturn a new law that would allow unvaccinated children to attend school only if they have received a waiver from a medical professional.The new law, which would take effect in September 2021, aims to boost immunization among school-age children in a state where just over 5 percent of kindergartners are unvaccinated not only for medical reasons but because of their parents’ religious or philosophical beliefs. That puts Maine below the 95 percent threshold that public health officials say is necessary to stop the spread of preventable and sometimes deadly diseases like the measles.Misinformation campaigns have raised fears about the alleged dangers of immunization, which extensive research has shown are unwarranted.Global vaccine coalition unveils ambitious plan to immunize 300 million children.Gavi, the Vaccine Alliance, has unveiled an ambitious plan to expand the number of doses it helps developing countries purchase, aiming to vaccinate an additional 300 million children from 2021 to 2025.The Geneva-based organization revealed to donors it needs $7.4 billion for its five-year period at an event in Japan on Friday (local time) to launch its replenishment drive.Gavi CEO Dr. Seth Berkley said several other major global health programs — the Global Polio Eradication Initiative and the Global Fund to Fight HIV, Tuberculosis and Malaria among them — are also undertaking funding drives.Vatican’s Academy for Life encourages parents to vaccinate children. Bill Gates reveals his family attends Catholic church. Vatican urged to partner with top population controllers on pope’s Global Education Pact. American economist and population control proponent Jeffrey Sachs has announced that potential funding partners for Pope Francis’s May 2020 Global Education Pact to create a “new humanism” include U.S. billionaire philanthropist Bill Gates.Big Pharma spends record millions on lobbying amid pressure to lower drug prices|0
Treatment Recommendations For New Virus That Is Shutting Down Entire Cities. The Headlines read: China Quarantines a City of 11 Million Over Deadly New Virus. Little is known about the new virus, making it more challenging for authorities to figure out the appropriate action to take, experts say. Unfortunately, they will not take appropriate action because they refuse to look at the fundamental weakness of all viruses, which can be easily and cheaply exploited.People die of viruses all the time but the death rates can be sharply reduced if we pull the rug out from under them with rapid changes in pH and with heavy dosages of iodine, selenium and magnesium chloride. Modern medicine refuses to look at these basic medicines, which are commonly used in ICU departments that save lives everyday; refuses to entertain the idea that these same medicines could be perfect medicines to both prevent and treat this new viral disease.Authorities do not know the incubation period which makes it difficult to know how to respond. But we do know the virus spreads easily and quickly. The province of Hubei, of which Wuhan is the capital and largest city, late Wednesday reported a total 444 confirmed cases, up from 270 announced the previous day.The Chinese National Health Commission reported early Friday that there have been 25 deaths from and 830 cases of the coronavirus, a sharp increase. The death toll increased by more than a half-dozen in 24 hours, while the number of confirmed cases jumped by more than 200.The media and medical system do not know how to respond except to create a panic. However, even worse infections are spreading but you will not read about them in the media.There is a hushed panic playing out in hospitals around the world as a deadly fungus is spreading killing a lot of people. The fungus known as Candida Auris, kills almost half of all patients who contract it within 90 days, according to the CDC – as it’s impervious to most major anti-fungal medications. First described in 2009 after a 70-year-old Japanese woman showed up at a Tokyo hospital with C. Auris in her ear canal, the aggressive yeast infection has spread across Asia and Europe – arriving in the US by 2016.Residents inside Wuhan have reported long lines at the city’s hospitals, with some patients seeking advice or treatment waiting hours to be seen. Videos posted to social media showed tense scenes as staff tried to maintain order in jam-packed hospital corridors.Want to understand your health situation and learn what best to do to feel better? Schedule a free 15-minute Exploratory Call with Dr. Sircus »Now we read: China extended has extended its quarantine on the city of Wuhan over a deadly virus to two more cities on Thursday, cutting off a total of almost 19 million people.“It’s Like Cancelling Christmas” – Beijing Scraps Lunar New Year Festivities Amid Virus Outbreak.The virus — which was first diagnosed less than a month ago — has already killed at least 18 people and infected more than 650 people around the world, including confirmed reports in Singapore and Saudi Arabia.One patient in Wuhan infected more than a dozen medical staff. There is one confirmed case in the US. That person arrived by plane from China. Potentially everyone on the plane could now be a carrier and we may not know for a week or more. It could be spreading around the world rapidly as many Chinese have already traveled to every continent. The following weeks will be telling.In Wuhan, a city of 11 million in central China, where the new coronavirus originated, will halt all outbound flights and trains and shut down its public transportation system from Thursday morning, the Chinese government said, a dramatic escalation in China’s battle to contain a pneumonia outbreak that has now killed 17 people.Several provinces and territories in China, including Fujian, Anhui, Liaoning and Guizhou, announced their first confirmed infection cases on Wednesday, according to CCTV and local Chinese authorities.Treatments for Viral Infection.If you do not want your loved ones to die of a viral infection the first thing you need to know is that the minute you or your kids get the sniffles you have to treat aggressively with natural not pharmaceutical drugs. Better yet, the same medicines can be used to prevent infection in the first place so people interested in protecting their families from this virus (and all others) would be well advised to start treatments before, treat preemptively.We are talking about sodium bicarbonate, magnesium chloride, selenium and iodine all of which can be applied at high dosages to head viruses off at the pass before they take hold and choke a person to death. All of these medicines can be administered at home safely and legally and one does not need a prescription because they are nutritional in nature, not pharmaceutical.Susceptibility to infectious diseases is common in malnourished and toxic human populations. This has traditionally been viewed as simply a consequence of the fact that the immune system must be maintained by adequate nutrition in order to function optimally. Only recently has data begun to accumulate in support of the idea that nutritional factors may sometimes have a direct effect on pathogens, and that passage through nutritionally deficient hosts may facilitate evolutionary changes in infectious agents.Killing Viral Infections with Sodium Bicarbonate. Certain viruses (including the rhinoviruses and coronaviruses that are most often responsible for the common cold and influenza viruses that produce flu) infect host cells by fusion with cellular membranes at low pH. Thus they are classified as “pH-dependent viruses.”Fusion of viral and cellular membranes is pH dependent. “Fusion depends on the acidification of the endosomal compartment. Fusion at the endosome level is triggered by conformational changes in viral glycoproteins induced by the low pH of this cellular compartment.”“In 1918 and 1919 while fighting the ‘Flu’ with the U. S. Public Health Service it was brought to my attention that rarely anyone who had been thoroughly alkalinized with bicarbonate of soda contracted the disease, and those who did contract it, if alkalinized early, would invariably have mild attacks. I have since that time treated all cases of ‘cold,’ influenza and ‘la gripe’ by first giving generous doses of bicarbonate of soda, and in many, many instances within 36 hours the symptoms would have entirely abated,” wrote Dr. Volney S. Cheney to the Arm & Hammer Company.Dr. Jerry Tennant writes, “As oxygen levels continue to drop, you get infections. Each of us contain about a trillion “bugs”. They are suppressed when oxygen is present. However, as oxygen drops, the “bugs” wake up and want to have lunch—-they want to have you for lunch. Since they don’t have teeth to take a bite out of your cells, they put out digestive enzymes to dissolve your cells. As they consume your cells, you get sick.”The most important factor in creating proper pH is increasing oxygen because no wastes or toxins can leave the body without first combining. with oxygen. The more alkaline you are, the more oxygen your fluids can hold and keep. The position of the oxygen disassociation curve (ODC) is influenced directly by pH, core body temperature and carbon dioxide pressure. According to Warburg, it is the increased amounts of carcinogens, toxicity and pollution that cause cells to be unable to uptake oxygen efficiently.Never Forget Iodine.“Extremely high doses of iodine can have serious side effects, but only a small fraction of such extreme doses are necessary to kill influenza viruses,” writes Dr. David Derry of Canada. In 1945, a breakthrough occurred when J. D. Stone and Sir McFarland Burnet (who later went on to win a Nobel Prize for his Clonal Selection Theory) exposed mice to lethal effects of influenza viral mists. Pathology was prevented by putting iodine solution on mice snouts just prior to placing them in chambers containing influenza viruses. Dr. Derry also reminds us that a long time ago students in classrooms were protected from influenza by iodine aerosol therapy. Aerosol iodine also is effective against freshly sprayed influenza virus.Iodine is a must when dealing with deadly viruses and would go a long way in decreasing the death rate from Ebola. Dr. Gabriel Cousens wrote, “Historically, as early as 1911, people normally took between 300,000-900,000 micrograms of iodine daily without incident. Other researchers have used between 3,000 and 6,000 micrograms/day to prevent goiter.” Deficiencies in iodine have a great effect on the immune system.Vitamin D – Perfect Helpmate to Vitamin C.Vitamin D reduces the risk of dying from a viral infection. Researchers from Winthrop University Hospital in Mineola, New York found that giving supplements of vitamin D to a group of volunteers reduced episodes of infection with colds and flu by 70% over three years. The researchers said that vitamin D stimulates “innate immunity” to viruses and bacteria. Very few have any idea that Vitamin D can be taken in high dosages like Vitamin C can.Magnesium for Acute Illness. Magnesium chloride (magnesium oil) has always been and remains my favorite first line medicine that affects overall physiology. Dr. Raul Vergini from Italy says, “Magnesium chloride has a unique healing power on acute viral and bacterial diseases. It cured polio and diphtheria and that was the main subject of my magnesium book. A few grams of magnesium chloride every few hours will clear nearly most acute illnesses, which can be beaten in a few hours. I have seen a lot of flu cases healed in 24-48 hours with 3 grams of magnesium chloride taken every 6-8 hours.” My recommendation would be to follow Dr. Vergini’s suggestion and augmenting that with Transdermal Magnesium Therapy. The second edition of Transsdermal Magnesium Therapy is also available in hardcopy from Amazon.com.Selenium Medicine.Selenium deficiency may allow invading viruses to mutate and cause longer-lasting, more severe illness. Animal research has shown selenium and vitamin E have synergistic effects, enhancing the body’s response to bacterial and parasitic infections.In that selenium is a potent immune stimulator is an 18-month study of 262 patients with AIDS that found those who took a daily capsule containing 200 micrograms of selenium ended up with lower levels of the AIDS virus and more health-giving CD4 immune system cells in their bloodstreams than those taking a dummy pill.These AIDS patients who took selenium were able to suppress the deadly virus in their bodies and boost their fragile immune systems, adding to evidence that selenium has healing powers that should be employed for all viral threats.The clinical investigations in sepsis studies indicate that higher doses of selenium are well tolerated as continuous infusions of selenium as sodium selenite (4,000 μg selenium as sodium selenite pentahydrat on the first day, 1,000 μg selenium/day on the nine following days) and had no reported toxicity issues. In view of this new information, Biosyn introduced the 1,000 µg dose vials for such high selenium clinical usage.Using Sunlight to Ramp Up Immune Response.Sunlight Offers Surprise Benefit, It Energizes Infection Fighting T Cells reads the headlines. Georgetown University Medical Center researchers have found that sunlight, through a mechanism separate than vitamin D production, energizes T cells that play a central role in human immunity.Professor Gerard Ahern, who lead the study at Georgetown said, “We all know sunlight provides vitamin D, which is suggested to have an impact on immunity, among other things. “But what we found is a completely separate role of sunlight on immunity. Some of the roles attributed to vitamin D on immunity may be due to this new mechanism.”One of the greatest triggers of influenza, the swine flu and deaths from pulmonary deficiency is vitamin D deficiency. Vitamin D reduces the risk of dying from all causes including the flu. Researchers from Winthrop University Hospital in Mineola, New York found that giving supplements of vitamin D to a group of volunteers reduced episodes of infection with colds and flu by 70% over three years. The researchers said that the vitamin stimulated “innate immunity” to viruses and bacteria. Very few have any idea that Vitamin D can be taken in extremely high dosages like Vitamin C can.When our immune system is already depressed, we die more easily when confronted with infection. Emerging viruses are becoming more virile and aggressive, and traditional medications are becoming less effective against them. Viruses are smart, mutating and becoming resistant to antiviral pharmaceuticals. Global crises such as Ebola, SARS and dengue fever spread more quickly than we can develop medicines to fight them, and every season there are new flu strains that challenge the effectiveness of vaccines.|0
There is a biolaboratory in Wuhan – until recently, nothing was known about it. Its address is Gaoxin, three sixes – the number mentioned in the Bible, under which the name of the beast of the Apocalypse is hidden. But it’s even more symbolic that it exists thanks to the money of the famous banker George Soros, who shares the globalist ideas of Bill Gates. This could be part of a cunning plan.The coronavirus affects only the representatives of the Mongoloid race, which is very suspicious and raises questions.|0
Until recently, the concept of mandatory and mass vaccination has been only a worrisome possibility. Vaccination laws are passed and monitored at the state level, not at the federal level. But while the country was still struggling to recover from the events of September 11, 2001, and the bioterrorism scares of smallpox and anthrax threats, the groundwork to make vaccines mandatory began to change in 2003, during President George W. Bush’s State of the Union Address. On that fateful night, Bush revealed the creation of Project BioShield, a comprehensive effort to develop and make available modern, effective drugs and vaccines to protect against attack by biological and chemical weapons.Project BioShield.Project BioShield set forth three major components:Creation of a permanent indefinite funding authority to spur development of medical countermeasures enabling the government to purchase vaccines and other therapies as soon as experts believe that they can be made safe and effective. Conferred new authority to the NIH to speed research and development of drugs and vaccines that would counter bioterrorism threats and,Authorized emergency “fast track provisions for the release of treatments—drugs and vaccines—still waiting for approval by the FDA ‘in the event of an emergency.”As sweeping as those plans may seem, the legislation failed to include key provisions sought by the drug companies. Mosty importantly, complete liability protection for all of their bioterrorism products.During 2003 and 2004, any bills that were introduced by both the House and the Senate attempting to secure complete liability protection for the industry were done through federal law. In 2005 alone, 13 bills were introduced. One such bill, The Biodefense and Pandemic Vaccine and Drug Development Act of 2005, was gaining traction. 1873. Introduced as S. 1873 by Senators Bill Frist (R-TN) and Richard Burr (R-NC), its purpose, according to Burr’s news release, was to “create a partnership between the government and private corporations by rapidly developing effective medical drugs and vaccines to protect the United States from deliberate, accidental, and natural incidents involving biological pathogens.”Nicknamed BioShield II, the bill planned to give unprecedented advantages to the industry and remove or severely weaken all of the safeguards that prevented dangerous vaccines, drugs, and medical devices from reaching consumers. S. 1873 was accelerated through the Senate Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions (HELP) Committee, without hearings.Public outrage began almost immediately. Websites, news outlets, and nationwide radio hosts were exposing the unbelievable benefits the bill would convey to the drug companies. Dozens of activist groups representing many thousands of constituents rallied a campaign to notify Congress of their dissatisfaction with S.1873. Faxes, emails, and phone calls show message after message opposing the carte blanche promises drugmakers set out to receive. Because the outcry against S.1873 was so strong, the possibility of its passage was bleak.To circumvent this outrage, Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist forced the attachment of a shortened version int HR 2863, the 2006 Department of Defense Appropriations Bill, literally at the eleventh hour. Called Division E—Public Readiness and Emergency Preparedness Act, Frist’s addendum added 40 pages to an existing 423-page bill on December 17, 2005 at 11:20 pm, well after the House Appropriation Committee members had signed off, and most had gone home. Soon referred to as the PREP Act, it gave sweeping and unprecedented immunity for drug companies for emergency products.The PREP ACT.The PREP Act provides complete immunity from liability for any loss relating to or resulting from, any product used to prevent or treat illness during a public health emergency. The immunity applies to entities and individuals involved in the development, manufacture, testing, distribution, administration, and use of medical countermeasures described in a Declaration. The only statutory exception to this immunity is for actions or failures to act that constitute “willful misconduct.” And as we will see, even willful misconduct may not be punished. For a full explanation of the scope of the Act, go here.Representative Dave Obey (D-WI), Ranking Member of the House Appropriations Committee made the following statement on the floor of the House on December 22, 2005:After the [Committee] finished at 6 p.m., Senator Frist (R-TN) marched over to the House side of the Capitol. He insisted 40 pages of legislation that had never been seen by Conferees be attached to the bill.Speaker Dennis Hastert (R-IL) joined Frist’s insistence and without a vote of the Conferees, the legislation was unilaterally and arrogantly inserted into the bill. [This was] a blatantly abusive power-play by two of the most powerful men in Congress.Sweeping Provisions Against AmericansPassed in, Senator Frist (a medical doctor) handed the drug companies (a special interest group) more immunity than any bill that has ever been passed by Congress. The legislation provides at least four sweeping provisions: Immunity from all liability for all drugs, vaccines or biological products deemed as a “covered countermeasure.”Immunity from all accountability, no matter what a drug company did wrong. Even if the company’s dirty facility created a batch of contaminated vaccines that resulted in deaths or injuries to thousands of people, the drug company will remain immune from liability.Immunity from all liability for any product used for any public health emergency declared by the Secretary of HHS.Immunity from all lawsuits. A person who suffers any type of loss will be legally prohibited from suing the drug companies; they now have immunity from almost everything, perhaps even murder.In simple terms, if a claim is filed by a plaintiff it can only go forward if the injured party can prove that the company performed an act of willful misconduct. In other words, the injured party would have to prove the vaccine maker created a product that intentionally caused them harm.Unbelievably, even then the drug company is still immune from accountability. Even if a pharmaceutical company knowingly harms people, the company will be immune from legal prosecution unless the U.S. Attorney General initiates enforcement action against the drug company in the name of the claimant. This means the U.S. government would have to go to bat for the plaintiff against the drug company for the lawsuit to move forward.Fast Forward: COVID19.Wasting no time, the Secretary of HHS, Alex Azar and the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response Robert P. Kadlec, MD, MTM&H, MS, issued Notice of Declaration of National Emergency and published in the Federal Register on March 17, 2020 (Vol. 85, No. 52). The Declaration was effective as of February 4, 2020. By declaring a national emergency for the SARS-CoV-19 virus and COVID-19, the Secretary evoked the PREP Act “to provide liability immunity for activities related to medical countermeasures against COVID–19.”Once this new, experimental COVID-19 vaccine is deemed to be a “covered countermeasure” there will be no going back. How can an experimental vaccine exist to protect from a virus that little is known about? Can you think of a worse-case outcome for many? The mainstream media is conditioning people to anticipate and even beg for this vaccine. It’s all part of the Plan.The Time for Mass Vaccination in Adults Has Arrived.The National Vaccine Plan (NVP) for adults was released in February 2010. It lays out the strategy to vaccinate all adults with all approved vaccines and “any vaccine that is approved, now and in the future.”The plan established four key goals. Each goal has objectives and strategies to guide implementation through 2020:Goal 1: Strengthen the adult immunization infrastructure. Goal 2: Improve access to adult vaccines.Goal 3: Increase community demand for adult immunizations. Goal 4: Foster innovation in adult vaccine development and vaccination-related technologiesLet’s look at a little closer at what the Plan has to say about Goal #3:Educate and encourage individuals and healthcare professionals to promote adult vaccination programs.Leverage group influence (faith-based groups, etc.) to promote and demand access to adult vaccinations.Create more robust EHRs to include standing orders, reminder calls, and reminder mailings.Encourage the development of “adult immunization champions” in communities and across all sectors.All forms of media and communication continually remind the general public that a “vaccine for the virus that causes COVID-19 is on the way” and “it’s coming soon.” The implied message is to anticipate it, wait for it and then, as soon as it arrives, go get your vaccine. The listener’s subconscious is being prepared to demand to be vaccinated.What Can You Do To Stop Mass Vaccination.I view most current events through the lens of history. As I wrote in Part 1 of this series, we’re seeing a repeat of what happened after 911. Only a few weeks after the towers came down in NYC, the draconian Patriot Act was passed into law on October 26, 2011. Now, within a few weeks of the outbreak of a coronavirus, a virus we don’t know much about or how long it will cause serious illness, the world has implemented draconian, stay-home “social distancing” rules. Even this phrase has psychological implications. They didn’t call it “physical distancing” but “social distancing,” a way to separate us at a time we should all be coming together.How serious is the risk from this pathogen? On the one hand, we hear that 80% of patients experience a mild form of the illness, which can include a fever and pneumonia, and many of these cases require little to no medical intervention. On the other, we hear that 200,000 to 2 million may die in the U.S. alone. Which is it? Are we really so afraid of this pathogen that we’ve shut down the world? Are we so afraid of contracting this infection that we’re anticipating—even looking forward to—the development of a vaccine that will be deemed a covered countermeasure and have no liability, even if it injures or kills many and protects no one?Non-Infectious Caused Deaths.Look at this chart closely (click here to enlarge).This is a graphic, from 2016, distributes the number of deaths by health risk factors throughout the entire world. It shows what people die from WITHOUT an infection by a rogue virus.The bottom line is most die from poor nutrition and conditions marked by high inflammation.Is it any wonder that these people have the highest risk of serious illness IF they become infected?Perhaps during this forced global shut own one of the most important things you can do is use the time to evaluate all the areas of your life: your physical health, your mental health and your spiritual health and relationship with God. Clean out some closets and finish a few projects you always wished you had time to do. Read—or write —the book that has been calling you forever. Eat better. Exercise more. Lose some weight. Catch up on your sleep. Play with your kids. Reconnect with your significant other.Perhaps God has put the entire world into Full Stop so we can meditate and reflect, taking time to course-correct toward what is really most important. Whenever I find myself feeling anxious about the future and the uncertainties of what is going on, I focus on this verse from the Bible: Psalms 46:10 – “Be still and know I am God.” If you can connect with that idea, you’ll be much more optimistic, and much less anxious, about the future.|0
Drinking hot water with lemons will cure or prevent COVID-19; drinking hot water with lemons and sodium bicarbonate will “alkalize the immune system” and cure or prevent COVID-19|0
In order to donate plasma, a person must meet several criteria. They have to have tested positive for COVID-19, recovered, have no symptoms for 14 days, currently test negative for COVID-19, and have high enough antibody levels in their plasma. A donor and patient must also have compatible blood types. Once plasma is donated, it is screened for other infectious diseases, such as HIV.Each donor produces enough plasma to treat one to three patients. Donating plasma should not weaken the donor's immune system nor make the donor more susceptible to getting reinfected with the virus.|1
Nature may help diminish the pandemic if aggressive measures to control the spread of infections continue, experts say. That doesn’t mean the virus won’t return.Communities living in warmer places appear to have a comparative advantage to slow the transmission of coronavirus infections, according to an early analysis by scientists at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.The researchers found that most coronavirus transmissions had occurred in regions with low temperatures, between 37.4 and 62.6 degrees Fahrenheit (or 3 and 17 degrees Celsius).While countries with equatorial climates and those in the Southern Hemisphere, currently in the middle of summer, have reported coronavirus cases, regions with average temperatures above 64.4 degrees Fahrenheit (or 18 degrees Celsius) account for fewer than 6 percent of global cases so far.“Wherever the temperatures were colder, the number of the cases started increasing quickly,” said Qasim Bukhari, a computational scientist at M.I.T. who is a co-author of the study. “You see this in Europe, even though the health care there is among the world’s best.”The temperature dependency is also clear within the United States, Dr. Bukhari said. Southern states, like Arizona, Florida and Texas, have seen slower outbreak growth compared with states like Washington, New York and Colorado. Coronavirus cases in California have grown at a rate that falls somewhere in between.The seasonal pattern is similar to what epidemiologists have observed with other viruses. Dr. Deborah Birx, the global AIDS coordinator in the United States and also a member of the Trump administration’s coronavirus task force, said during a recent briefing that the flu, in the Northern Hemisphere, generally follows a November to April trend.The four types of coronavirus that cause the common cold every year also wane in warmer weather.Dr. Birx also noted that the pattern was similar with the SARS epidemic in 2003. But she stressed that because the virus outbreaks in China and South Korea began later, it was difficult to determine whether the new coronavirus would take the same course.At least two other studies published on public repositories have drawn similar conclusions for the coronavirus. One analysis by researchers in Spain and Finland found that the virus seemed to have found a niche in dry conditions and temperatures between 28.3 degrees and 49 degrees Fahrenheit (or minus 2 and 10 degrees Celsius). Another group found that before the Chinese government started imposing aggressive containment measures, cities with higher temperatures and more humid environments reported a slower rate of infection transmission early in the outbreak.But none of the studies have been peer-reviewed by other scientists, and Dr. Bukhari acknowledged that factors such as travel restrictions, social distancing measures, variations in the availability of tests and hospital burdens might have affected the number of cases in different countries.The possible correlation between coronaviruses cases and climate should not lead policymakers and the public to complacency.“We still need to take strong precautions,” Dr. Bukhari said. “Warmer temperatures may make this virus less effective, but less effective transmission does not mean that there is no transmission.”Warmer temperatures might make it harder for the coronavirus to survive in the air or on surfaces for long periods of time, but it could still be contagious for hours, if not days, Dr. Bukhari said.Even seasonal viruses like influenza and the viruses that cause the common cold don’t completely disappear during summer. They are still present at low levels in many people’s bodies and in other parts of the world, biding their time until conditions are suitable for infections to spread again.Some viruses have the opposite pattern. Polio, for example, tend to spread faster in warmer climes. And some viruses may have no seasonal variation at all.It will take another four to six weeks before health officials will have a clearer picture of how weather patterns shape the trajectory of the coronavirus, said Jarbas Barbosa, the assistant director at the Pan American Health Organization, the regional office of the World Health Organization that focuses on the Americas.The fact that local transmission is happening across the global south signals that this virus may be more resilient to warmer temperatures than the flu and other respiratory viruses that spread across borders in the past. That is why W.H.O. officials still urge countries to act urgently and aggressively to try and contain the virus while case numbers are relatively low and close contacts can easily be traced and quarantined.“One of the big perils in assuming that the virus is less dangerous in warmer temperatures, among particular ages or for any specific group is complacency,” said Julio Frenk, a physician who served as health minister in Mexico and is now president of the University of Miami. “If people fail to heed the warnings and recommendations of public health professionals, the results will be disastrous.”But because high humidity and heat only align perfectly during mainly July and August in some parts of the Northern Hemisphere, Dr. Bukhari cautioned that the effects of warmer weather on reducing transmissions might only last for a brief period in some regions.“This suggests that even if the spread of the coronavirus decreases at higher humidity, its effect would be limited for regions above 40 degrees North, which includes most of the Europe and North America,” he said.And because so much is unknown, no one can predict whether the virus will return with such ferocity in the fall.|1
Robert F. Kennedy, Jr. and Dafna Tachover, Director of 5G and Wireless Harms Project of Children’s Health Defense (CHD), signed onto the UK EM Radiation Research Trust  (RRT) letter calling on UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson and political leaders to protect the public from the proven harms of wireless radiation and 5G.The Open Letter of Complaint was written in response to an article published by First News in their children’s online newspaper titled “There is no 5G Conspiracy”, claiming 5G is absolutely safe. RRT, which is a trusted and leading UK group dedicated to education about wireless radiation health effects, has been receiving emails and phone calls from parents, school children and teachers asking RRT to respond to the article.The letter was written by RRT’s Chairwoman, Eileen O’Connor, and the group’s US based advisor, Susan Foster, and responds to the unsubstantiated and false claims by First News of the absolute safety of 5G. The letter provides ample scientific evidence of proven harms by wireless radiation and addresses how Big Telecom is defrauding the public.“The RRT believes that it is one thing to comfort children with respect to the lockdown and the corona virus,” said Ms. O’Conner, “but not at the cost of the truth about the very real harms from these dangerous exposures.”Since 5G infrastructure is based primarily on 4G, and on pulsed and modulated radio and microwave frequencies that have been proven harmful in thousands of studies, harms that have been confirmed by courts around the world, there is no doubt that 5G is harmful as well.“Children need to be told the truth: cell phones and cell towers emit radiation,” commented Ms. Foster. “It is ludicrous and shameful to tell children that a great deal of research has been done to prove 5G safe when decades of science on the biological effects of electromagnetic radiation have proven it harmful.”RFK, Jr., Dafna Tachover and CHD are calling for the protection of those who have already been harmed by wireless technology radiation, including many children, and for the prevention of further and imminent harm by halting 5G deployment.5G deployment is exponentially increasing our exposure to this harmful radiation and technology. Of special concern is the installation of cell phones antennas in close proximity to people’s homes and children’s bedrooms. As a result, growing numbers of countries and municipalities around the world have banned the deployment of 5G.Children’s Health Defense joined this effort as it is aligned with the organization’s mission to protect children from environmental toxins. 5G and wireless radiation constitute toxins which are significantly involved in the increase of sickness in children. Sadly, in the UK, a 15 y/o girl, Jenny Fry committed suicide after becoming sick from wireless and as a result of the mistreatment she has experienced because of her sickness.RFK, Jr., Dafna Tachover and CHD are calling for the protection of those who have already been harmed by wireless technology radiation including many children, and for the prevention of further and imminent harm by halting 5G deployment.|0
Right before corona virus came.CEO of disney stepped down. CEO of Tinder, Hinge, OKcupid, Match all stepped down. CEO of Hulu stepped down. CEO of MedMen stepped down. CEO of L brands like Victoria Secret bath and body works stepped down. CEO of Salesforce's stepped down. CEO of Harley Davidson stepped down. CEO of IBM stepped down. CEO of T Mobile stepping down. CEO of LinkedIn stepping down. CEO of Mastercard is stepping down. And soooooo many more, but let's just stick with these that most know about.|0
If you have been in close contact with someone with COVID-19, you may be infected.Close contact means that you live with or have been in settings of less than 1 metre from those who have the disease. In these cases, it is best to stay at home.However, if you live in an area with malaria or dengue fever it is important that you do not ignore symptoms of fever. Seek medical help. When you attend the health facility wear a mask if possible, keep at least 1 metre distant from other people and do not touch surfaces with your hands. If it is a child who is sick help the child stick to this advice.If you do not live in an area with malaria or dengue fever please do the following:If you become ill, even with very mild symptoms you must self-isolate. Even if you don’t think you have been exposed to COVID-19 but develop symptoms, then self-isolate and monitor yourself. You are more likely to infect others in the early stages of the disease when you just have mild symptoms, therefore early self-isolation is very important.If you do not have symptoms, but have been exposed to an infected person, self-quarantine for 14 days.If you have definitely had COVID-19 (confirmed by a test) self-isolate for 14 days even after symptoms have disappeared as a precautionary measure – it is not yet known exactly how long people remain infectious after they have recovered. Follow national advice on self-isolation.|1
As the world continues to freak out about COVID-19, the advice from the authorities about what to do seems disproportionate to the the panic they're stoking - wash your hands, don't go out unless you have to, avoid crowds. It seems like a recipe for making people panic.While the MSM have continually poo-pooed any and all alternative therapies in protecting or treating coronavirus infections, they've ignored actual evidence from the very people who have experience with what the rest of the world is currently experiencing; namely Wuhan China. Specifically, doctors who were on the front lines in China during the worst of the epidemic are singing the praises of vitamin C infusions.Today on Objective:Health, we take a look at one of our old favorites for multiple conditions, including coronavirus infections - the mighty vitamin C. Taking vitamin C is actually something everyone could be doing to make a difference in the state of their immune system, well beyond 'wash your hands'.Elliot: Hello everyone, welcome to this week's edition of Objective Health. I am your host Elliot, and joining me in our studio are Doug and Erica. We also have Damian on the ones and twos today.Elliot: Today, we are going to be talking about a very hot topic. We are going to be talking about the Coronavirus. A couple of weeks ago, maybe a couple of months ago now, we did another show on the Coronavirus where we were assessing whether we thought that it was really all that dangerous, whether.there was a little bit of a kicking up of frenzy going on in the media and being a little bit overblown. In today's show we are going to be looking at a potential solution that people can think about and hopefully make use of. We will talk about the clinical utility of using high-dose vitamin C for the Coronavirus. This is because there has been quite a lot of interesting information come out recently.On top of all of the well-established information that we know about vitamin C's potential uses against viruses - and the Coronavirus is a virus - there is good reason to think that if you are to come down with this virus and if you are immunocompromised or if you are a little bit more susceptible to succumbing to any kind of viral infection then using vitamin C in high doses in various different methods of consumption is likely going to be helpful.First of all, I want to talk about one of the recent progressions that has come out of China. Not long ago China announced that they would be thinking about using intravenous vitamin C for their Coronavirus patients. There were three studies done in China I believe, which were looking at the effect of vitamin C on Coronavirus and they have come out with pretty good results. In one of the Chinese medical establishments some of the scientists were advocating for the use of anywhere between 6,000mg and 24,000mg of vitamin C to be used intravenously. I think this is for the most severe patients who have this viral infection.Doug: The interesting thing about it is the doses they were talking about. 6,000-12,000mg of vitamin C for IV? That's not even really that high. I know in things like cancer protocols it will get as high as 100g, and even higher sometimes. It's not a low dose by any means but you could take 6,000mg orally but the fact that they were getting such good results from those doses says a lot about the power of vitamin C I think.Erica: Most definitely. The mainstream news, at least here in the US, are pooh-poohing these alternative things, "Don't think that vitamin C is going to cure you." It's really concerning because why not take something that is going to keep your immune system strong instead of essentially dumping the baby out with the bathwater and saying "Nothing is going to work"? Most people have some sort of vitamin C in their medicine cabinet for these types of things. It's good to have just to keep your immune system strong.Doug: It's not really surprising, but nonetheless shocking, the way the media has been downplaying. From what I have seen and what other people have been reporting, they haven't even mentioned that China was actually using vitamin C as a strategy against the Coronavirus. They basically blanked it like Tulsi Gabbard, they don't even mention the fact, despite the fact that many doctors in China have actually been reporting it and talking about it and explicitly saying that it helps.For the news media here to just turn around and ignore that fact and even go so far as to - not condemn it, that's not the right word - like you said ERica, to pooh-pooh it essentially. "Oh no, we have to wait for a vaccine, don't bother with any of that woo woo hippy crap."Meanwhile, even if people were taking 1,000mg of vitamin C 3 or 4 times a day that would at least be helpful. It doesn't necessarily mean that you don't get it or that it's going to cure it instantly, but anything that you can do to help mitigate the effects or prevent it then do it! It's just so stupid for the media to be taking that kind of stance!Elliot: I saw an article earlier today from ABC News I think - one of the alphabet news agencies - the article was titled Coronavirus Cures Debunked. They were talking about vitamin C and they were completely pooh-poohing the idea. It's not even like they are ignoring it, they are actively telling people not to take it! How spineless? These things are well established!One of the top alternative integrated doctors is quoted as saying "Early in, sufficiently large doses of intravenous vitamin C are critical. Vitamin C is not only a prototypical antioxidant but also involved in virus-killing and prevention of viral replication. The significance of large dose intravenous vitamin C is not just at an antiviral level, it is acute respiratory distress syndrome that kills most people from the Coronavirus. ARDS - Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome is a common final pathway leading to death." He is talking about how vitamin C is one of the best ways to protect against that. This is especially going to apply to people who are more susceptible to these kinds of infections so I think it's fair to say that 98% of people who get it are probably not going to have any major issues. The mortality rate is 1-2% and it's people with pre-existing, severe health conditions: immunocompromisation etc. So for these kinds of people it's wise to take the right precautions. Again, when you are listening to the media they are quick to whip up the hysteria but then they don't provide any solutions.Doug: It seems like it is almost the point where there is literally nothing you can do except wash your hands. {laugher} That's the thing that they keep on saying "wash your hands, wash your hands!" I was reading somewhere that someone was talking about how disproportionate that is. There is this crazy hysteria that they are pumping out and then the only thing that they are actually offering as something that you can do is wash your hands?It's so disproportionate to the level of threat. It's like the threat is up here and the solution is "just wash your hands." To anything that people actually could do, like take vitamin C, they are saying "no, no, no, that's not going to work. Just wash your hands". There was actually an article up on Green Med Info called Tons of Vitamin C to Wuhan - maybe you can pull that one up Damian. If you scroll down a bit there is a tweet there from DSM and I just wanted to show that because they just show a truck delivering 50 tons of vitamin C to Wuhan. What was the date on that one? I guess they've cut off the date so I can't see it. The article was on March 3rd. Clearly, if they are delivering 50 tons that is a hell of a lot of vitamin C so they were using it. It's pretty disingenuous for the western media to completely ignore that fact.If outbreaks in Italy or if anywhere else start to get really bad then they could benefit from this information. The doctors could benefit because they could actually be helping people who aren't at the hospital and who are fighting it at home could benefit from this information. So it makes the blood boil that they would pull this kind of shit, it's terrible.Erica: We had a good article called From Vaccination to Viruses Vitamin C is a Potent Antidote from Orthomolecular Medicine News Service in January and they talk about China. They have a list of addendums regarding practical treatment for the approach to coronavirus in China and there were some things that really stick out, was a strong immune system is really the only significant protection an individual has - again, keeping that vitamin C going, and also they said that a great deal of the immune system's strength, possibly most of it, comes from vitamin C content in the immune cells. "When the levels of vitamin C in the body are low the immune system can never function at full capacity. There are many measures that can strengthen and support the immune system, but regular supplementation of vitamin C with multi-gram doses - 2,000mg daily, or more - is probably the single most important preventative measure. Much larger doses can be given if it is determined the virus has already been contracted."They are also talking about nebulising hydrogen peroxide. It destroys all or most of the sorts of viruses in the body with the help of vitamin C, and magnesium can then mop up the rest of the virus. That's pretty helpful if people are freaking out and they don't think that there is anything that they can do. That is something that you can do - keep taking it as a preventative measure more than anything.Doug: The professional doctors are doing the intravenous vitamin C. It should probably be stated that even if you don't have access to intravenous vitamin C, which few people actually do, it's still worthwhile to be taking it orally as well. Take as much as you can until you start to feel digestive symptoms. There are no real side effects from it except some diarrhoea if you take too much of it. Which would you rather deal with? The Coronavirus or a little bit of an upset tummy?I should mention that the website http://orthomolecular.org/ where the article you were talking about came from is actually a really good site. If you go to orthomolecular.org and scroll down to where it says News Releases they have a number of things specifically about the use of vitamin C for Coronavirus and they talk about how it has been used in Wuhan and about the different Chinese doctors who have been reporting on that. Anybody who is interested in more information on this, that is a very good resource.Erica: What about something like liposomal? I know that we have talked on the show before about making your own liposomal vitamin C so that it survives the digestive tract a little bit better. Obviously with intravenous you can get so much more, but with the liposomal it is encapsulated in spheres so that it can survive the digestive tract and get into your body more effectively.Doug: It is just basically increasing the absorption. With any nutrient you take there is a certain percentage that will get absorbed and the rest won't. Taking the liposomal, or liposheric as it is sometimes called, increases that amount that is getting across the digestive tract and into the bloodstream. Yeah, it's effective.Elliot: With making it, you can't really make it very effectively. There are people who claim that you can make it but it doesn't hold up to testing, To make proper liposomal, you need proper liposomal technology so if you really want liposomal vitamin C then you are better off just getting a really high quality one and paying the money for high quality vitamin C.You could probably get similar benefits just by taking a small amount multiple times throughout the day. You wouldn't take a high dose at any one given time because you can only absorb so much at any one given time. If you are taking 1g every hour then you are going to have this continual absorption and you are going to be opening up the transporters to absorb more, if that makes sense?There are lots of options that you can do. If you can't get intravenous, liposomal or oral is going to be the route you have to take. In terms of what vitamin C actually does, there are so many ways to look at this. Vitamin C is well known as an immune booster. Primarily, what it is doing on one level is it is promoting how our immune cells function. So, certain immune cells which are responsible for engulfing pathogens and identifying and clearing out infections quickly become depleted of ascorbic acid. These immune cells which are responsible for surveillance, have a lot of ascorbic acid within them and as they are doing their job they lose that very quickly. By taking ascorbic acid, you are essentially topping up your immune cells. Your immune cells really like ascorbic acid.Then if we look specifically at the Coronavirus, there is a very interesting article written by a lady called Doris Loh. She has done a lot of writing on vitamin C and the various properties of it, specifically in relation to vitamin C and the Coronavirus. She is looking at how the mechanisms by which it actually infects and causes problems for the human body. As a virus, what it is doing is trying to trick our immune system. It has evolved ways to affect our immune system so that it goes undetected and so that we are unable to kill it off.So on the context of how it tricks our immune system, what it's doing is that while we are trying to surveil the environment and pick off these invaders - which takes a lot of energy - the virus disrupts how our immune system is working by affecting how well the cells are able to synthesise energy. There are certain proteins called (N)-proteins of this virus and what they do is block the mitochondria and stop it from synthesising ATP.I had no idea that this was how vitamin C it was working, but the way cells are synthesising energy in the form of ATP is that they are using these things called electron carriers. We have something called NADH and FADH2 and these are being transported into the mitochondria and donating an electron and that is going through another various set of processes so that we can make this usable energy. When this virus infects a cell and disrupts how the mitochondria is functioning we can no longer do this. We can actually become depleted in NADH, or the NADH is unable to effectively donate the electron. What Ascorbic Acid can do is take the place of NADH and can act as an electron donor so that we can synthesise energy. It's almost like ascorbic acid can act as an energy source for our cells - in the context of immune dysfunction.That is not usually a function of ascorbic acid, it's usually used as an antioxidant. When damage occurs in our cells there is what is called oxidation so our cells lose electrons. The function of vitamin C is to donate an electron - it's called reduction - but essentially, it is an antioxidant it's not used in how we are making energy; whereas, what Doris Loh is saying is that in some cases where the mitochondria are so screwed because of a viral infection, vitamin C no longer just becomes an antioxidant. It is actually donating the electron for us to make energy! That is not a well-established fact, but it might be one of the reasons why having such high doses is actually necessary, because it is actually providing a sustained form of energy for the cells when the cells are so infected by some virus that they are unable to make it by other means.Doug: That's interesting!Elliot: This might be one of the ways that vitamin C is actually so beneficial aside from all of its other roles. One of the other ways that the Coronavirus is messing with the immune system is by activating something called a cytokine storm. That's when our innate immune system, the inflammatory process ramps up completely. In someone who is very susceptible, they can't necessarily turn that down. It's not the virus that kills them per se, it's their immune system. It's the inability to shut off their immune system. What vitamin C is potentially doing is allowing us to effectively shut off the immune system when we need to.There are lots of different ways in which vitamin C might be helping, but it is definitely not just as an antioxidant. There are multiple different mechanisms and it is absolutely fascinating. I would recommend listeners to read it, it's called Mitochondria & the Coronavirus, The Vitamin C Connection. All that people really need to know is that Vitamin C can be really useful and we shouldn't downplay the effects of it, it's not just an antioxidant.Doug: Is it also used as a pro-oxidant as well? I had heard that it had pro-oxidant capabilities as well, which is something that the immune system uses to eliminate viruses and bacteria and things like that.Elliot: Exactly, and I think that that is one of the main mechanisms against cancer. I don't know if it is happening against viruses? I'm not familiar with that effect but it would make sense if that is the case. When you take ascorbic acid in low doses it is generally an antioxidant, but when you're giving it in ultra high doses then it actually generates hydrogen peroxide. That is having a pro-oxidant effect, particularly against cancer cells - it is quite selective for cancer cells. I don't know if it would work against viruses or not. I think it works against infections in a similar way. Again, I think that there is lots of stuff that we don't know about it.Erica: Going back to what you were saying about the cytokine storm, stress also has an effect on this. The reaction that everyone is having, the fear, the stress that people are feeling, I'm sure you folks are feeling it in Europe, but also here in the US the stress is just adding to that cytokine storm and the inflammation in the body. It's creating a worse environment for your body by ruminating on it or stressing about it instead of trying to calm that system down.Elliot: It's really unfortunate, because it seems like that is causing a lot more harm. It's inherently destructive. The sheer amount of frenzy and hysteria which is going on seems relatively disproportionate to the actual threat of the Coronavirus. When you compare it to the statistics of other infectious outbreaks it seems relatively minor and it is pretty much a "nothing-burger" in my opinion but the media makes it out to be worse.It's the boogeyman at the moment and I think that people are really scared, understandably if they are not well informed, and they are not well informed of how to boost their immune system and all of this other kind of stuff. It's very unfortunate, but ultimately what is really important to know is that cortisol - which is a stress hormone - also modulates the immune system like you were saying Erica. We have multiple branches of the immune system and what the stress hormones are going to be doing is suppressing the branch of the immune system which is responsible for surveilling against infections and against viruses and against parasites.The type of immune cells which are responsible - the ones that I was talking about, the natural killer cells, the lymphocytes, all of these different things which go around the body and are on constant lookout for viruses or bacteria or pathogens - are very sensitive to cortisol. Cortisol will quickly downregulate that system. At the same time it will upregulate the system which is responsible for attacking our own tissues, so we have autoimmune conditions which are massively on the rise. People tend to get sick very frequently as well, so again allowing yourself to get overly stressed is definitely the worst possible thing that you could do if you want to protect yourself against an infection like this. It is very difficult watching the media.Doug: Turn it off!Erica: We were saying before the show that there are those of us who walk outside and things seem normal until you turn on the computer and it's the end of the world which is coming via this Coronavirus. It's the unknowns.Elliot: Is there anything else that anyone would like to say?Doug: One thing that we could say is that there is a popular conception that vitamin C is very high in oranges and orange juice. That is just marketing. You want to get yourself an actual vitamin C supplement. The amounts that you will find in most foods unfortunately is negligible. We are talking about therapeutic doses here so just eating oranges or drinking some orange is really not going to cut it. I just wanted to point that out. You want to be taking at least a gram at a time which is 1,000 micrograms.Damian: Milligrams.Doug: Milligrams, thank you Damian. 1,000 micrograms is not going to cut it either. Erica: It is probably better and more cost effective to buy ascorbic acid powder as opposed to the chewable ones that the Flintstones make. [Laughter] You know what I mean, the Flintstones vitamins. The powder on it's own is better than having a cocktail that has got lord knows what kind of filers in it. My point is don't buy the Flintstones vitamin C.Elliot: It is much cheaper to get the powder. You can get 100g for about $6. There is no reason not to. What people often notice is that when they are suffering from some kind of an infection then their tolerance goes way up. Usually if someone can only take 4 or 5 grams and any more makes them get digestive symptoms, if they have an infection that can go up by at least 5 times. You can tolerate 5 times what you usually could have tolerated.I know a couple of people who have managed to go up to 30 or 40 grams when they have been poorly, where previously they could only tolerate 3g. It definitely does get used in some way when you are sick. You don't need that much every day but when you are suffering from an infection I find that it tends to help.Erica: Why not be proactive and prevent the stress mechanism from taking over and keep making your little detox cocktail of vitamin C and water. It's not the most enjoyable taste but there are a lot of worse things out there.Doug: True.Elliot: Ok, if that is all for today then I want to thank everyone. Thanks to my co-hosts, thanks to Damian and thanks to the audience, thanks for listening. If you come down with the Coronavirus - I hope you don't but if you do - then you know where to go, get some vitamin C, drink some elderberry tea and rest and don't stress! If you liked this show, or found it helpful, please "like" and subscribe to the page. We do one of these shows every week and we will be with you next week for a new show. See you next week! I think that's everything.|0
Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates will launch human-implantable capsules that have ‘digital certificates’ which can show who has been tested for the coronavirus and who has been vaccinated against it.The 64 year old tech mogul and currently the second richest person in the world, revealed this yesterday during a Reddit ‘Ask Me Anything’ session while answering questions on the COVID-19 Coronavirus Pandemic.Gates was responding to a question on how businesses will be able to operate while maintaining social distancing, and said that, “Eventually we will have some digital certificates to show who has recovered or been tested recently or when we have a vaccine who has received it.”The ‘digital certificates’ Gates was referring to are human-implantable ‘QUANTUM-DOT TATTOOS’ that researchers at MIT and Rice University are working on as a way to hold vaccination records. It was last year in December when scientists from the two universities revealed that they were working on these quantum-dot tattoos after Bill Gates approached them about solving the problem of identifying those who have not been vaccinated.The quantum-dot tattoos involve applying dissolvable sugar-based microneedles that contain a vaccine and fluorescent copper-based ‘quantum dots’ embedded inside biocompatible, micron-scale capsules. After the microneedes dissolve under the skin, they leave the encapsulated quantum dots whose patterns can be read to identify the vaccine that was administered.The quantum-dot tattoos will likely be supplemented with Bill Gates’ other undertaking called ID2020, which is an ambitious project by Microsoft to solve the problem of over 1 billion people who live without an officially recognized identity. ID2020 is solving this through digital identity. Currently, the most feasible way of implementing digital identity is either through smartphones or RFID microchip implants. The latter will be Gates’s likely approach not only because of feasibility and sustainability, but also because for over 6 years, the Gates Foundation has been funding another project that incorporates human-implantable microchip implants. This project, also spearheaded by MIT, is a birth control microchip implant that will allow women to control contraceptive hormones in their bodies.As for ID2020, to see it through, Microsoft has formed an alliance with four other companies, namely; Accenture, IDEO, Gavi, and the Rockefeller Foundation. The project is supported by the United Nations and has been incorporated into the UN’s Sustainable Development Goals initiative.It will be interesting to see how Bill Gates and ID2020 will execute all this because many Christians, and surprisingly a growing number of Shia Muslims, are very opposed to the idea of microchipping and any form of body-invasive identification technology. Some Christian legislators and politicians in the United States have even tried to ban all forms of human microchipping.But, on the other hand, this is Bill Gates’ perfect opportunity to see the projects through because as the coronavirus continues to spread and more people continue to die from the pandemic, the public at large is becoming more open to problem-solving technologies that will contain the spread of the virus.The main reason many Christians and some Shia Muslims are opposed to body-invasive identification technologies, however helpful such technologies are for preventing pandemics, is because they believe that such technologies are the so called ‘Mark of Satan’ mentioned in the Bible and some Mahdi prophecies. In the Book of Revelations in the Bible, anyone who does not have this “mark” is not allowed to buy or sell anything.Last year in November, a Denmark-based tech company which had contracts to produce microchip implants for the Danish Government and the US Navy, had to cancel the launch of its supposedly “revolutionary” Internet-of-Things powered microchip implant after Christian activists attacked its offices in Copenhagen.|0
A vaccine would be the ultimate weapon against the coronavirus and the best route back to normal life. Officials like Dr. Anthony S. Fauci, the top infectious disease expert on the Trump administration’s coronavirus task force, estimate a vaccine could arrive in at least 12 to 18 months.The grim truth behind this rosy forecast is that a vaccine probably won’t arrive any time soon. Clinical trials almost never succeed. We’ve never released a coronavirus vaccine for humans before. Our record for developing an entirely new vaccine is at least four years — more time than the public or the economy can tolerate social-distancing orders.But if there was any time to fast-track a vaccine, it is now. So Times Opinion asked vaccine experts how we could condense the timeline and get a vaccine in the next few months instead of years.Here’s how we might achieve the impossible.Assume We Already Understand the Coronavirus. Normally, researchers need years to secure funding, get approvals and study results piece by piece. But these are not normal times.There are already at least 254 therapies and 95 vaccines related to Covid-19 being explored.“If you want to make that 18-month timeframe, one way to do that is put as many horses in the race as you can,” said Dr. Peter Hotez, dean of the National School of Tropical Medicine at Baylor College of Medicine.Companies with vaccine trials underway.Dozens of vaccines are starting clinical trials. Many use experimental RNA and DNA technology, which provides the body with instructions to produce its own antibodies against the virus.Despite the unprecedented push for a vaccine, researchers caution that less than 10 percent of drugs that enter clinical trials are ever approved by the Food and Drug Administration.The rest fail in one way or another: They are not effective, don’t perform better than existing drugs or have too many side effects.Less than 10 percent of drug trials are ultimately approved.Probability of success at each phase of research, Fortunately, we already have a head start on the first phase of vaccine development: research. The outbreaks of SARS and MERS, which are also caused by coronaviruses, spurred lots of research. SARS and SARS-CoV-2, the virus that causes Covid-19, are roughly 80 percent identical, and both use so-called spike proteins to grab onto a specific receptor found on cells in human lungs. This helps explain how scientists developed a test for Covid-19 so quickly.There’s a cost to moving so quickly, however. The potential Covid-19 vaccines now in the pipeline might be more likely to fail because of the swift march through the research phase, said Robert van Exan, a cell biologist who has worked in the vaccine industry for decades. He predicts we won’t see a vaccine approved until at least 2021 or 2022, and even then, “this is very optimistic and of relatively low probability.”And yet, he said, this kind of fast-tracking is “worth the try — maybe we will get lucky.”Years and years, at minimum.The vaccine development process has typically taken a decade or longer.The next step in the process is pre-clinical and preparation work, where a pilot factory is readied to produce enough vaccine for trials. Researchers relying on groundwork from the SARS and MERS outbreaks could theoretically move through planning steps swiftly.Sanofi, a French biopharmaceutical company, expects to begin clinical trials late this year for a Covid-19 vaccine that it repurposed from work on a SARS vaccine. If successful, the vaccine could be ready by late 2021.Move at ‘Pandemic Speed’ Through Trials, As a rule, researchers don’t begin jabbing people with experimental vaccines until after rigorous safety checks.They test the vaccine first on small batches of people — a few dozen during Phase 1, then a few hundred in Phase 2, then thousands in Phase 3. Months normally pass between phases so that researchers can review the findings and get approvals for subsequent phases.But “if we do it the conventional way, there’s no way we’re going to be reaching that timeline of 18 months,” said Akiko Iwasaki, a professor of immunobiology at Yale University School of Medicine and an investigator at the Howard Hughes Medical Institute.There are ways to slash time off this process by combining several phases and testing vaccines on more people without as much waiting.Last week the National Academy of Sciences showed an overlapping timeline, describing it as moving at “pandemic speed.”It’s here that talk of fast-tracking the timeline meets the messiness of real life: What if a promising vaccine actually makes it easier to catch the virus, or makes the disease worse after someone’s infected?That’s been the case for a few H.I.V. drugs and vaccines for dengue fever, because of a process called vaccine-induced enhancement, in which the body reacts unexpectedly and makes the disease more dangerous.Researchers can’t easily infect vaccinated participants with the coronavirus to see how the body behaves. They normally wait until some volunteers contract the virus naturally. That means dosing people in regions hit hardest by the virus, like New York, or vaccinating family members of an infected person to see if they get the virus next. If the pandemic subsides, this step could be slowed.“That’s why vaccines take such a long time,” said Dr. Iwasaki. “But we’re making everything very short. Hopefully we can evaluate these risks as they occur, as soon as possible.”This is where the vaccine timelines start to diverge depending on who you are, and where some people might get left behind.If a vaccine proves successful in early trials, regulators could issue an emergency-use provision so that doctors, nurses and other essential workers could get vaccinated right away — even before the end of the year. Researchers at Oxford announced this week that their coronavirus vaccine could be ready for emergency use by September if trials prove successful.So researchers might produce a viable vaccine in just 12 to 18 months, but that doesn’t mean you’re going to get it. Millions of people could be in line before you. And that’s only if the United States finds a vaccine first. If another country, like China, beats us to it, we could wait even longer while it doses its citizens first.You might be glad of that, though, if it turned out that the fast-tracked vaccine caused unexpected problems. Only after hundreds or thousands are vaccinated would researchers be able to see if a fast-tracked vaccine led to problems like vaccine-induced enhancement.“It’s true that any new technology comes with a learning curve,” said Dr. Paul Offit, the director of the Vaccine Education Center at the Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia. “And sometimes that learning curve has a human price.”Start Preparing Factories Now. Once we have a working vaccine in hand, companies will need to start producing millions — perhaps billions — of doses, in addition to the millions of vaccine doses that are already made each year for mumps, measles and other illnesses. It’s an undertaking almost unimaginable in scope.Companies normally build new facilities perfectly tailored to any given vaccine because each vaccine requires different equipment. Some flu vaccines are produced using chicken eggs, using large facilities where a version of the virus is incubated and harvested. Other vaccines require vats in which a virus is cultured in a broth of animal cells and later inactivated and purified.Those factories follow strict guidelines governing biological facilities and usually take around five years to build, costing at least three times more than conventional pharmaceutical factories. Manufacturers may be able to speed this up by creating or repurposing existing facilities in the middle of clinical trials, long before the vaccine in question receives F.D.A. approval.“They just can’t wait,” said Dr. Iwasaki. “If it turns out to be a terrible vaccine, they won’t distribute it. But at least they’ll have the capability” to do so if the vaccine is successful.The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation says it will build factories for seven different vaccines. “Even though we’ll end up picking at most two of them, we’re going to fund factories for all seven, just so that we don’t waste time,” Bill Gates said during an appearance on “The Daily Show.”In the end, the United States will have the capacity to mass-produce only two or three vaccines, said Vijay Samant, the former head of vaccine manufacturing at Merck.“The manufacturing task is insurmountable,” Mr. Samant said. “I get sleepless nights thinking about it.”Consider just one seemingly simple step: putting the vaccine into vials. Manufacturers need to procure billions of vials, and billions of stoppers to seal them. Sophisticated machines are needed to fill them precisely, and each vial is inspected on a high-speed line. Then vials are stored, shipped and released to the public using a chain of temperature-controlled facilities and trucks. At each of these stages, producers are already stretched to meet existing demands, Mr. Samant said.It’s a bottleneck similar to the one that caused a dearth of ventilators, masks and other personal protective equipment just as Covid-19 surged across America.If you talk about vaccines long enough, a new type of vaccine, called Messenger RNA (or mRNA for short), inevitably comes up. There are hopes it could be manufactured at a record clip. Mr. Gates even included it on his Time magazine list of six innovations that could change the world. Is it the miracle we’re waiting for?Rather than injecting subjects with disease-specific antigens to stimulate antibody production, mRNA vaccines give the body instructions to create those antigens itself. Because mRNA vaccines don’t need to be cultured in large quantities and then purified, they are much faster to produce. They could change the course of the fight against Covid-19.“On the other hand,” said Dr. van Exan, “no one has ever made an RNA vaccine for humans.”Researchers conducting dozens of trials hope to change that, including one by the pharmaceutical company Moderna. Backed by investor capital and spurred by federal funding of up to $483 million to tackle Covid-19, Moderna has already fast-tracked an mRNA vaccine. It’s entering Phase 1 trials this year and the company says it could have a vaccine ready for front-line workers later this year.“Could it work? Yeah, it could work,” said Dr. Fred Ledley, a professor of natural biology and applied sciences at Bentley University. “But in terms of the probability of success, what our data says is that there’s a lower chance of approval and the trials take longer.”The technology is decades old, yet mRNA is not very stable and can break down inside the body.“At this point, I’m hoping for anything to work,” said Dr. Iwasaki. “If it does work, wonderful, that’s great. We just don’t know.”The fixation on mRNA shows the allure of new and untested treatments during a medical crisis. Faced with the unsatisfying reality that our standard arsenal takes years to progress, the mRNA vaccine offers an enticing story mixed with hope and a hint of mystery. But it’s riskier than other established approaches.Speed Up Regulatory Approvals, Imagine that the fateful day arrives. Scientists have created a successful vaccine. They’ve manufactured huge quantities of it. People are dying. The economy is crumbling. It’s time to start injecting people.But first, the federal government wants to take a peek.That might seem like a bureaucratic nightmare, a rubber stamp that could cost lives. There’s even a common gripe among researchers: For every scientist employed by the F.D.A., there are three lawyers. And all they care about is liability.Yet F.D.A. approvals are no mere formality. Approvals typically take a full year, during which time scientists and advisory committees review the studies to make sure that the vaccine is as safe and effective as drug makers say it is.While some steps in the vaccine timeline can be fast-tracked or skipped entirely, approvals aren’t one of them. There are horror stories from the past where vaccines were not properly tested. In the 1950s, for example, a poorly produced batch of a polio vaccine was approved in a few hours. It contained a version of the virus that wasn’t quite dead, so patients who got it actually contracted polio. Several children died.The same scenario playing out today could be devastating for Covid-19, with the anti-vaccination movement and online conspiracy theorists eager to disrupt the public health response. So while the F.D.A. might do this as fast as possible, expect months to pass before any vaccine gets a green light for mass public use.At this point you might be asking: Why are all these research teams announcing such optimistic forecasts when so many experts are skeptical about even an 18-month timeline? Perhaps because it’s not just the public listening — it’s investors, too.“These biotechs are putting out all these press announcements,” said Dr. Hotez. “You just need to recognize they’re writing this for their shareholders, not for the purposes of public health.”What if It Takes Even Longer Than the Pessimists Predict?Covid-19 lives in the shadow of the most vexing virus we’ve ever faced: H.I.V. After nearly 40 years of work, here is what we have to show for our vaccine efforts: a few Phase 3 clinical trials, one of which actually made the disease worse, and another with a success rate of just 30 percent.Deaths per year.The number of deaths from Covid-19 in 2020 has surpassed the number of deaths per year from H.I.V./AIDS during the height of the crisis in the 1990s.Researchers say they don’t expect a successful H.I.V. vaccine until 2030 or later, putting the timeline at around 50 years.That’s unlikely to be the case for Covid-19, because, as opposed to H.I.V., it doesn’t appear to mutate significantly and exists within a family of familiar respiratory viruses. Even still, any delay will be difficult to bear.But the history of H.I.V. offers a glimmer of hope for how life could continue even without a vaccine. Researchers developed a litany of antiviral drugs that lowered the death rate and improved health outcomes for people living with AIDS. Today’s drugs can lower the viral load in an H.I.V.-positive person so the virus can’t be transmitted through sex.Therapeutic drugs, rather than vaccines, might likewise change the fight against Covid-19. The World Health Organization began a global search for drugs to treat Covid-19 patients in March. If successful, those drugs could lower the number of hospital admissions and help people recover faster from home while narrowing the infection window so fewer people catch the virus.Combine that with rigorous testing and contact tracing — where infected patients are identified and their recent contacts notified and quarantined — and the future starts looking a little brighter. So far, the United States is conducting fewer than half the number of tests required and we need to recruit more than 300,000 contact-tracers. But other countries have started reopening following exactly these steps.If all those things come together, life might return to normal long before a vaccine is ready to shoot into your arm.|1
Having been permanently banned from Twitter for sharing the publicly-available details of the man who ran the show as far a bat-soup virology in Wuhan’s super-secret bio-lab – which is now a common talking point and rapidly shifting from conspiracy theory to conspiracy fact – we thought a reminder of how we got here was in order.(Article by Tyler Durden republished from ZeroHedge.com).Scott Burke,  CEO of crypto-related firm Groundhog, unleashed what we feel may be the most complete timelines of facts to help understand the controversial links between COVID-19 and HIV, and COVID-19 and Wuhan Institute of Virology.Want to go down a (strictly fact-based) rabbit hole?Here is the full slightly-edited-for-formatting twitter thread. A disclaimer: I am not a virologist. This is me synthesizing what we have learned since the outbreak began and reviewing public scientific papers. I believe each of the following statements is a solid fact, backed up by a citation. I also want to say that I understand some people are worried about blame being cast for this outbreak. Obviously we are all in this together, and my intention here is not to cast blame. These links overwhelmingly compel further scrutiny, but are not conclusive.I do think however that information is being downplayed and suppressed by some scientists and media outlets and it’s our duty to find out the facts about this virus, do what we can to mitigate the outbreak, and prevent it from happening again.Ready.So there’s original SARS, which is a type of coronavirus. SARS infects cells through the ACE2 receptor in hosts.The S spike protein plays a key role in how the virus infects cells. Each of the little spikes that surround the coronavirus is a spike protein (or S protein). That’s what gives the coronavirus it’s name – it’s “crown” of these spikes.The S protein binds to the targeted cell through the ACE2 receptor, and boom, your cell is infected and becomes a virus replication factory.After the first SARS outbreak, there was a “land rush” to find other coronaviruses. A collection of SARS-*like* coronaviruses was isolated in several horseshoe bat species over 10 years ago, called SARS-like CoVs, or SL-CoVs. Not SARS exactly, but coronaviruses similar to SARS.In 2007, a team of researchers based in Wuhan, in conjunction with an Australian laboratory, conducted a study with SARS, a SARS-like coronavirus, and HIV-1.The researchers noted that if small changes were made to the S protein, it broke how SARS-CoV worked – it could no longer go in via ACE2. So they inferred the S protein was critical to the SARS attack vector. They also predicted based on the S-ACE2 binding structure, that SARS-like CoVs were not able to use this same attack method (ACE2 mediation).They decided to create a pseudovirus where they essentially put a SARS-like CoV in a HIV envelope. It worked.Using an HIV envelope, they replaced the RBD (receptor binding domain) of SL-CoV with that of SARS-CoV, and used it to successfully infect bats through ACE2 mediation.12 years goes by.A SARS-like CoV begins sweeping the globe that is far more infectious than previous outbreaks.Ground Zero for this outbreak (not first human patient, but first spreading event) is considered to be Wuhan Seafood Market.Wuhan Seafood Market is 20 miles from the National Biosafety Laboratory at Wuhan Institute of Virology.Amidst the outbreak, a team of Indian bioinformatics specialists at Delhi University released a paper pre-print. COVID-19 has a unique sequence about 1,378 nucleotide base pairs long that is not found in related coronaviruses. They claimed to identify genetic similarities in this unique material between COVID-19 and HIV-1. Specifically, they isolated 4 short genetic sequences in key protein structures (the receptor binding domain, or RBD).Two of the sequences were perfect matches (albeit, short), and two of the sequences were matched but each with an additional string of non-matching material appearing in the middle of the sequence.The paper was criticized and numerous attempts have been made to debunk it. After the criticism, the authors voluntarily withdrew it, intending to revise it based on comments made about their technical approach and conclusions.One key debunking attempt claims this:The same sequences are found in a variant called BetaCoV/bat/Yunnan/RaTG13/2013, which had been found “in the wild” in bats.This is an attempt to prove that it was not engineered, but mutated naturally in the wild.But there’s a problem.This strain was only known by and studied at the Wuhan Virology Institute, and although they claim it was discovered in 2013, it wasn’t published or shared with the scientific community until immediately after the Indian paper, on January 27, 2020.The RatG13 strain publication and the HIV research paper from 2008 share an author.I discovered this on my own by comparing the two papers and then quickly realized this scientist’s contact information was the information that ZeroHedge was suspended from Twitter for sharing.Their article identifies this author in question including some contact information from the Wuhan Virology Institute web site.You can read the public comments and discussion of the original paper here:There is a line of inquiry about how the sequences are remarkably stable in between the “bat” CoV and the nCoV, where in nature they would likely have mutated in between their shared evolution. Also a call for greater scientific evidence that the strain was collected in the wild.Here is the only point in this thread where I will offer my opinion rather than a list of facts: In light of all the previous facts, the efforts to debunk the paper are not yet convincing in my view. The RaTG13 paper makes the claim that, oh, that HIV-related material you identified that happens to protein fold to become a perfect attack vector for nCoV to attack ACE2?It’s a relative of this other secret virus which came from the wild which we forgot to tell the scientific community about until now for no reason.Here’s the secret virus – it came from bats – and here’s the new virus, see, they have the same HIV-related sequences… so… bats!Totally not secret pathogen research which escaped the lab. What are the odds that a SARS-like coronavirus with overlapping genetics from HIV mutated and crossed over into humans, next door to a laboratory which had been enhancing coronavirus with HIV for over a decade? And conversely, what are the odds it leaked out of the laboratory?Finally, there is a great thread here by Trevor Bedford (@trvrb) examining the evidence for and against, with key replies challenging the conclusions made as well.Let’s learn! What do you think? Maybe I’m wrong! Can anyone disprove any of the links in the chain above? One thing is for sure, the science behind all this is fascinating. But we need to make sure that if viruses are being secretly developed and accidentally released, that we learn about that and do our best to make sure it doesn’t happen again|0
Quarantine means restricting activities or separating people who are not ill themselves but may have been exposed to COVID-19. The goal is to prevent spread of the disease at the time when people just develop symptoms.Isolation means separating people who are ill with symptoms of COVID-19 and may be infectious to prevent the spread of the disease.Physical distancing means being physically apart. WHO recommends keeping at least 1-metre distance from others. This is a general measure that everyone should take even if they are well with no known exposure to COVID-19. |1
Liberalism is only a pretext for mass extermination, as colonization and the spread of the standards of modern Western civilization were. The global elites and their local puppets may be counting on surviving with a vaccine, but something suggests that this may be where the catch lies. The virus may behave inadequately, and the processes that have begun on the civilizational level, and even in individual unpredictable spontaneous events, may disrupt their carefully thought out plans.|0
Viruses cannot travel on radio waves/mobile networks. COVID-19 is spreading in many countries that do not have 5G mobile networks.COVID-19 is spread through respiratory droplets when an infected person coughs, sneezes or speaks. People can also be infected by touching a contaminated surface and then their eyes, mouth or nose. |1
Currently there is no specific antiviral treatment for COVID-19.However, drugs previously developed to treat other viral infections are being tested to see if they might also be effective against the virus that causes COVID-19.|1
To slow the virus, Alessandro Vespignani and other analysts are racing to model the behavior of its human host. The offices of the Network Science Institute at Northeastern University sit 10 floors above Boston’s Back Bay. Wraparound windows offer a floating panorama of the city, from Boston Common to Fenway Park, as a half-dozen young analysts toil quietly at computers.At 10 a.m. on a recent morning, with the early calls to the World Health Organization and European doctors complete and the check-in with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention scheduled for later, Alessandro Vespignani, the institute’s director, had some time to work the room. In a black blazer and jeans, he moved from cubicle to cubicle, giving each member of his team the latest updates on the coronavirus pandemic.“We call this ‘wartime,’” Dr. Vespignani said later in his office; he was seated, but his hands hadn’t stopped moving. “Before this, we were working on Ebola, and Zika, and when these things are spreading, you are working on the fly, you don’t stop. You are continually modeling networks.”Historically, scientists trying to anticipate the trajectory of infectious diseases focused on properties of the agent itself, like its level of contagion and lethality. But infectious diseases need help to spread their misery: humans meeting humans, in person. In the past decade or so, leading investigators have begun to incorporate social networks into their models, trying to identify and analyze patterns of individual behavior that amplify or mute potential pandemics.Those findings, in turn, inform policy recommendations. When does it make sense to shut down schools or workplaces? When will closing a border make a difference, and when won’t it? World health officials consult with social network modelers on a near daily basis, and Dr. Vespignani’s lab is part of one of several consortiums being consulted in the crucial and perhaps disruptive decisions coming in the next few weeks. On Friday, in an analysis posted by the journal Science, the group estimated that China’s travel ban on Wuhan delayed the growth of the epidemic by only a few days in mainland China and by two to three weeks elsewhere. “Moving forward we expect that travel restrictions to COVID-19 affected areas will have modest effects,” the team concluded.“Today, with the enormous computing power available on the cloud, Dr. Vespignani and other colleagues can model the entire world using” publicly available data, said Dr. Elizabeth Halloran, a professor of biostatistics at the University of Washington and a senior researcher at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center. “On the one hand, there is the rise of network science, and on the other, there is the enormous rise in computing power.”Dr. Vespignani came to network analysis through physics. After completing a Ph.D. in his native Italy, he took up postdoctoral studies at Yale, where he began to focus on applying computational techniques to epidemiology and geographical data.“Look, I am Roman, and I am a fan of Lazio,” the soccer team, he said. “We were in first place — finally, after how many years? — and some fans think the coronavirus is a conspiracy against Lazio. I don’t say this to be funny, but to say: Each social network functions in its own way.”He was on his feet again and roaming past a row of glass-walled offices. At one point he stuck his head into an office where Ana Pastore y Piontti, a physicist and research associate, was working on one of the problems du jour: school closings, analyzed state by state and region by region. Health officials across the country are grappling with whether to close local schools — which ones, how soon, and for how long.“Ana’s working on this right now, we want to be able to estimate the effects,” Dr. Vespignani said.Her project, like many others at the institute, uses census data, which reveals the composition of nearly every American household: the number of adults and children, and their ages. From a single household, a large map can be constructed. First, the connections between mom, dad, son and daughter. Added next are dad’s connections at the shop, mom’s at an office, and the children’s at their respective schools. The analysis might determine that, say, a 12-year-old boy living in central Redmond, Wash., near Seattle, will come into regular contact with his parents, his sister, and an average of 20.5 fellow students at his local middle school.Repeating the process with nearby households generates a dense digital map of interconnections over an entire community. On Dr. Pastore y Piontti’s computer monitor, it resembles a complex electrical circuit, with multicolored wires and cables to and from packed hubs of interaction.“Think of it like tracing all regular interactions in the video game SimCity,” she said.To this map, she adds still more connections, incorporating data on travel in and out of that community — by air, train or bus (if such information is available). The final result, which she calls a “contact matrix,” looks like a rough heat map — a colored slide showing who is most likely to interact with whom, by age. From this she subtracts out of all the school interactions, revealing an estimate of how many fewer interactions — and potential new infections — would occur by closing certain schools.“Each country, each state, can be very different, depending on the patterns of interaction and compositions of households,” Dr. Pastore y Piontti said. “And then there is the question of what is most effective: a week of closing, or two weeks, or closed until next school year.”Dr. Vespignani had disappeared back into his own office with a pair of senior analysts. They were huddled around a speakerphone, running through the latest modeling changes with an outside researcher. The lab is part of a consortium that advises the C.D.C., and fields continual calls from infectious-disease mapping operations around the world.The conversation and consulting are nonstop, because the institute must navigate the limitations inherent to all predictive modeling. One challenge is that important venues of disease progression cannot all be anticipated: cruise ships, for example. Another is factoring in random events — say, an infected person who suddenly decides that now is the moment to take a dream trip to Spain.“It may seem like a small thing at the time, but after the fact you say, ‘Oh yeah, that was hugely important,’” said Duncan Watts, a computer and information scientist at the University of Pennsylvania. “How do you handle these unexpected factors?”Finally, as people become more informed about the coronavirus, their behavior will change, sometimes drastically and en masse.“A good analogy is a storm,” said Dr. Steven Riley, a professor of infectious-disease dynamics at Imperial College London, which has done modeling for decades. “You can forecast a bad storm in a particular place, and people will take out an umbrella and put on a coat. Well, the impact is less for those people but has no effect on the storm. With infectious diseases, people’s precautions — like social distancing — do change the trajectory of the disease, and it’s very hard to predict or model that.”By now Dr. Vespignani, in motion again, had cornered a visiting colleague, Mauricio Santillana, director of the Machine Intelligence Research Lab at Harvard Medical School.Dr. Santillana works to understand how the behavior of individuals changes from day to day in the midst of a pandemic. For insight, he draws on a vast array of variables, including mentions of certain words — “fever,” “pneumonia,” “coronavirus” — in online searches and social-media comments. Together, he and Dr. Vespignani are trying to work out how to best incorporate this continuously updated analysis into the travel and geographical models used at the institute.“We can look, for example, at when X number of people are searching for ‘fever’ online, there were Y number of people who ended up in the hospital,” Dr. Santillana said. “We can then use that kind of day-to-day data to continually update these social-network models.”All of this, in raw computational terms, is just the beginning of the campaign. No single predictive model is enough; the Vespignani lab, and their colleagues around the world, run millions of simulations regularly, to help gauge which outcomes are the most likely in a world that changes daily. Google has granted him free space in the cloud to do so, because the in-house computing power is not nearly fast enough.How well this modeling works, and whether it will help contain the virus, is hard to know while the battle is being waged, Dr. Vespignani said: “It’s in peacetime, between outbreaks, that we can do the real science, and improve the models. Let us hope that comes soon.”|1
The New York Times reported on 30 March that President Trump retreated from his earlier statement that by 12 April the COVID-19 lock-down should be over and its “back-to-work” time. Instead he said that an extension to the end of April was necessary – and possibly even to June. This, he said, was following the guidance of his advisors, of whom Dr. Anthony Fauci, Director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID), within the National Institute for Health (NIH), is one.Virus COVID-19 has so far caused far less infections and death than the common flu in past years. WHO reports on 30 March worldwide 750,000 infections with a death toll of 36,000. In the US about 161,000 cases and 3,000 deaths. Yet, alarmist Fauci claims that there may be millions of US coronavirus cases and 100,000- 200,000 deaths. And, coincidentally, so does Bill Gates, using pretty much the same figures.All with the idea of pushing a vaccine down the throat of the public.A multibillion dollar vaccine is not necessary.The NIAD and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation are collaborating with a view to developing a COVID-19 Vaccine.China has proven that COVID-19 could be brought under control at rather low-cost and with strict discipline and conventional medication. The same medicines and measures have been used for centuries to prevent and cure successfully all kinds of viral diseases.First, a vaccine against COVID-19, or coronaviruses in general, is a flu vaccine. Vaccines don’t heal. In the best case, flu-vaccines may prevent the virus from affecting a patient as hard as it might without a vaccine. The effectiveness of flu vaccines is generally assessed as between 20% and 50%. Vaccines are foremost a huge money-making bonanza for Big Pharma.Second, here are a myriad of remedies that have proven very successful. See also this and this.COVID-19: More Hydroxychloroquine Data From France.French Professor Didier Raoult, who is one of the world’s top 5 scientists on communicable diseases, suggested the use of hydroxychloroquine (Chloroquine or Plaquenil), a well-known, simple, and inexpensive drug, also used to fight Malaria, and that has shown efficacy with previous coronaviruses such as SARS.  By mid-February 2020, clinical trials at his institute and in China already confirmed that the drug could reduce the viral load and bring spectacular improvement. Chinese scientists published their first trials on more than 100 patients and announced that the Chinese National Health Commission would recommend Chloroquine in their new guidelines to treat Covid-19.China and Cuba are working together with the use of Interferon Alpha 2B, a highly efficient anti-viral drug developed in Cuba some 39 years, but little known to the world, because of the US imposed embargo on anything from Cuba. Interferon has also proven to be very effective in fighting COVID-19 and is now produced in a joint-venture in China.There is an old natural Indian / Ayurveda medicine, Curcumin, that comes in capsules as C90. It is an anti-inflammatory, antioxidant compound that has been successfully used to treat cancer, infectious diseases and, yes, coronaviruses.Other simple, but effective remedies include the use of heavy doses of Vitamin C, as well as Vitamin D3, or more generally the use of Micronutrients essential to fight infections, include vitamins A, B, C, D, and E.Another remedy that has been used for thousands of years by ancient Chinese, Romans and Egyptians, are Colloidal silver products. They come in forms to be administered as a liquid by mouth, or injected, or applied to the skin. Colloidal silver products are boosting the immune system, fighting bacteria and viruses, and have been used for treating cancer, HIV/AIDS, shingles, herpes, eye ailments, prostatitis – and COVID-19.A simple and inexpensive remedy, to be used in combination with others, is menthol-based “Mentholatum”. It’s used for common flu and cold symptoms. Rubbed on and around the nose, it acts as a disinfectant and prevents germs to enter the respiratory track, including corona viruses.China Is Using Cuba's Interferon Alfa 2B Against Coronavirus.Northern Italy and New Orleans report that an unusual number of patients had to be hospitalized in Intensive Care Units (ICU) and be put 24×7 on a 90%-strength respirator, with some of the patients remaining unresponsive, going into respiratory failure. The reported death rate is about 40%. The condition is called acute respiratory distress syndrome, ARDS. That means the lungs are filled with fluid. When this description of ARDS episodes applies, Dr. Raoult and other medical colleagues recommend COVID-19 patients to “sleep sitting up” until they are cured. This helps drain the liquid out of the lungs. The method has been known to work successfully since it was first documented during the 1918 Spanish Flu epidemic.Finally, Chinese researchers in cooperation with Cuban and Russian scientists are also developing a vaccine which may soon be ready for testing. The vaccine would attempt to address not just one strand of coronaviruses, but the basic coronaviral RNA genome (RNA = Ribonucleic Acid), to be applied as a prevention of new coronavirus mutations. In contrast to the west, working exclusively on profit-motives, the Chinese-Cuban-Russian vaccine would be made available at low cost to the entire world.These alternative cures may not be found on Big Pharma controlled internet. Internet references, if there are any, may advise against their use. At best, they will tell you that these products or methods have not proven effective, and at worst, that they may be harmful. Don’t believe it. None of these products or methods are harmful. Remember, some of them have been used as natural remedies for thousands of years. And remember, China has successfully come to grips with COVID-19, using some of these relatively simple and inexpensive medications.Few doctors are aware of these practical, simple and inexpensive remedies. The media, under pressure from the pharma giants and the compliant government agencies, have been requested to censoring such valuable information. The negligence or failure, to make such easily accessible remedies public knowledge is killing people.The Role of Bill Gates and the Lockdown.Bill Gates may have been one of Trump’s ‘advisors’, suggesting that he should extend the “back-to-work” date to at least end April, and, if Gates has his way, to at least June. That still remains to be seen. Gates is very-very powerful:President Donald Trump said Tuesday that he wants businesses to open by Easter, April 12, to soften the economic impact. … Gates acknowledged Tuesday that self isolation will be “disastrous” for the economy, but “there really is no middle ground.” He suggested a shutdown of six to 10 weeks. (CNBC, March 24, 2020). The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, will drive the mass vaccination effort which is scheduled to be launched in the period after the lockdown.The vaccination association includes, the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations (CEPI), a semi-NGO, to which NIH / NIAID outsourced oversight of the vaccination program – supported by Bill Gates; GAVI, the Global Alliance for Vaccines and Immunization – also a Bill Gates creation, supported by WHO, also amply funded by the Gates Foundation; the World Bank and UNICEF; plus a myriad of pharmaceutical partners. Bill Gates also strongly suggests that travelers must have in their passport a vaccination certificate before embarking on a plane, or entering a country.The program implementation, including a related global electronic identity-program, possibly administered with nano-chips that could be embedded in the vaccine itself, would be overseen by the little-know agency Agenda ID2020 which is also a Bill and Melinda Gates foundation initiative.Bill Gates is also known as a strong proponent of drastic and selective population reduction. Knowing what we know, who would trust any vaccine that carries Bill Gate’s signature. Hope that this evil endeavor will not succeed is omnipresent. We must hope to the end, then the end will never come – and gradually Light will drown Darkness|0
There have been some reports of animals infected by coronavirus — including two pets in New York and eight big cats at the Bronx Zoo.Most of those infections came from contact with people who had coronavirus, like a zoo employee who was an asymptomatic carrier.But according to the CDC, there is no evidence animals play a significant role in spreading the virus to humans. Therefore, at this time, routine testing of animals for Covid-19 is not recommended.As always, it’s best to wash your hands after touching an animal’s fur and before touching your face. And if your pet appears to be sick, call your veterinarian.|1
Current advice for testing depends on the stage of the outbreak in the country or area where you live. Testing approaches will be adapted to the situation at national and local level. National authorities may decide to test only subgroups of suspected cases based on the national capacity to test, the availability of necessary equipment for testing, the level of community transmission of COVID-19, or other criteria.As a resource conscious approach, ECDC has suggested that national authorities may consider prioritising testing in the following groups:hospitalised patients with severe respiratory infections;symptomatic healthcare staff including those with mild symptoms;cases with acute respiratory infections in hospital or long-term care facilities;patients with acute respiratory infections or influenza-like illness in certain outpatient clinics or hospitals;elderly people with underlying chronic medical conditions such as lung disease, cancer, heart failure, cerebrovascular disease, renal disease, liver disease, diabetes, and immunocompromising conditions.|1
“There are times in history when sudden events—natural disasters, economic collapses, pandemics, wars, famines—change everything. They change politics, they change economics and they change public opinion in drastic ways. Many social movement analysts call these “trigger events.” During a trigger event, things that were previously unimaginable quickly become reality, as the social and political map is remade. Coronavirus is a historic trigger event—and it needs a Movement to Respond.” Paul Engler,The frightening COVID-19 pandemic, slowly but surely infecting millions, fueling an economic and political meltdown and metastasizing in the midst of a global Climate Emergency, has pushed a critical mass of us all to the brink.Words can barely convey our waking nightmare, or fully expose the cabal of monsters and the degenerate “business-as-usual” practices that have brought on this disaster. Like a horror movie rerun, every night I wake up.How did we ever let this happen? What can we do to protect ourselves and others? Can we rise to the occasion and organize a massive Grassroots Rising, head off disaster, and take advantage of this tragic “trigger moment”?Can we deal with the degenerative practices that have unleashed this mega-crisis and bring to heel the perpetrators, the greedy elite who created and/or abetted this catastrophe?As an international chorus of climate, environmental and political leaders warned this week, it’s now or never “to harness our fears, build hope and drive action to respond to the human health, economic, climate and biodiversity crisis with solutions that build resilient societies on the longer term.”Protect yourself and others. Take control of your health. Force governments to provide necessary resources.We must protect ourselves and others, especially the most vulnerable. Solidarity and common sense dictate that we change what up until now has been considered “normal” behavior.In North America, and all over the world, we need to maintain and step up the social hygiene, distancing and quarantine procedures that are absolutely necessary to reduce infections, to “flatten the curve” of a disease 10 times more lethal and three times more infective than recent flu epidemics.But to flatten the curve we need to demand that our governments put money in the hands of workers and their families (and small businesses) so that they can afford to stay home for months, or for as long as it takes.We must provide emergency funds and resources to hospitals, healthcare workers, and clinics so they can test, separate, isolate and treat those infected and exposed to the Coronavirus. Constant hand-washing and spatial distancing are absolutely necessary, even if we’re healthy, with strict spatial isolation if we’ve been exposed to those carrying the virus. Stay away from elderly people and those with fragile health.My extended family and our activist staff and networks have suspended face-to-face contact and are using email, text messages, shared photos and Zoom calls to stay in touch.Beyond spatial distancing we all need to strengthen our immune systems and preserve our physical and mental health for the challenges that lie ahead. Even though we’ve all heard it before, now is the time for action. Now is the time, as natural health leader Dr. Joseph Mercola tells us, to “Take control of your health.”Here’s some of what we all need to do, today and every day.Cook at home. Learn new recipes. Stop going out to restaurants until the pandemic is over. Buy local and organic whenever possible. Eliminate factory-farmed meat and animal products, GMOs and all the other nutritionally deficient and poisonous products of industrial agriculture from your diet. Purchase, prepare, and consume as many fresh and healthy, nutritionally-dense foods as possible. This means lots of organic fruits and vegetables, including fermented foods. Cut down on sugar and sugary deserts and reduce your alcohol consumption. Start growing you own sprouts indoors and get ready to plant an organic garden this spring if you have a patio or outdoor space. Consume whole organic grains and healthy carbs, not processed food. If you eat meat and animal products, search out organic, grass-fed, and pasture-raised products. But of course not everyone has access to, or can afford to buy healthy food. Ethics and solidarity require us to help others in our community gain access to organic and healthy foods. Support mutual aid projects such as food hubs, food banks, and food delivery projects in your local community.Take this opportunity to stop smoking tobacco. Coronavirus death rates are substantially higher for smokers. If you smoke pot, stop sharing joints—or better yet switch to homemade edibles. Supplement your diet with vitamins and nutritional supplements, such as Vitamin C and D to strengthen your body’s immune system and disease-fighting capabilities.Start getting regular exercise, outdoors if at all possible, but indoors if necessary. My daily regimen includes yoga stretches, light calisthenics and an hour or more of walking outdoors. Walking and/or exercising for an hour will calm you down as well boost the microphages in your body that kill pathogens.Get seven to eight hours of sleep every night. If you wake up in the middle of the night like I do, don’t take sleeping pills, search out natural sleep supplements with no side effects. For 3 a.m. insomnia, I take a four or five spray shots in my throat of Dr. Mercola’s Melatonin and put two tiny pills (30c) under my tongue of a homeopathic remedy called Nux Vomica. You can find these over-the-counter sleep supporters in your local co-op or natural food store, or else online.Try to reduce mental stress, which increases the inflammation that weakens your body’s defense mechanisms. Think positive. Remind yourself that this disaster can change politics, economics and public opinion in drastic ways. If we can unite our networks for healthy food and natural health, and create synergy with those all over the world organizing for a just transition to a green economy, we can not only overcome this pandemic, but we can solve the even more catastrophic threat posed by our Climate Emergency.  Even in this time of social distancing, people all over the world are starting to collectively resist and get organized. Search out the positive news of rebellion and mutual aid online and you’ll see that people are slowly but surely building up a compassionate and sane response to the pandemic and mobilizing to turn back racist, xenophobic and elitist government policies such as bailing out the wealthy “one percent,” instead of the rest of us, the “99 percent.” Stop spending so much time reading or watching the commercial mass media, which is filled with corporate propaganda and doom and gloom, and tune in instead to the positive information you can find in the alternative media. Go to the websites of Organic Consumers Association or Regeneration International, news sites like Common Dreams and natural health sites like Mercola. Watch the news everyday on Democracy Now!If you want a positive roadmap showing how we can reverse global warming and mobilize a critical mass to implement an organic and regenerative Green New Deal, you can read my new book: “Grassroots Rising: A Call to Action on Climate, Farming, Food, and a Green New Deal.” (The audio version is available here).  Now is the time to strengthen friendships and build up a stronger movement for radical change. If we’re going to survive the current crisis, avoid catastrophic climate change, and build the kind of world we all want and need, we need to exponentially increase solidarity and trust among heretofore separate communities and activist networks isolated in their separate silos. Please step up communications with your friends and fellow activists over the phone and the Internet and accentuate the positive. Sign up for our newsletter and stay in touch. The upside of this terrible catastrophe is that it is creating the objective and subjective conditions for a global Grassroots Rising and Regeneration Revolution.Let’s talk about the real roots of this pandemic. Here’s what Jane Goodall recently said about the pandemic crisis:“All over the world we’ve been destroying the places where animals live in order to get materials to build our homes, our cities and to make our own lives more comfortable. And as a result, we’ve brought the climate crisis on ourselves. Many species of animals and plants have become extinct. And our too-close relationship with wild animals in the markets, or when we use them for entertainment, has unleashed the terror and misery of new viruses.”The coronavirus pandemic, like the climate crisis, is not an accident, nor an act of God. Both of these existential threats have arisen out of a U.S. and global food, farming, energy, resource extraction, economic, militaristic “national security” and trading system that is degenerative, unethical, inequitable and as we see now, self-destructive.As Vandana Shiva points out:“New diseases are being created because a globalized industrialized, inefficient food and agriculture model is invading the ecological habitat of other species and manipulating animals and plants with no respect for their integrity and their health . . . The health emergency that the coronavirus is waking us up to is connected to the emergency of extinction and disappearance of species, and it is connected to the climate emergency. All emergencies are rooted in a mechanistic, militaristic anthropocentric world view of humans as separate from, and superior to other beings whom we can own, manipulate and control. It is also rooted in an economic model based on the illusion of limitless growth and limitless greed .”Unless we can stop large corporations and desperate people from destroying the habitats of wild animals, such as bats, pangolins, and civets . . . unless we can shut down the animal factories where pigs, poultry and other hapless creatures are crammed together in filthy disease-ridden environments, stuffed with genetically engineered animal feeds and dosed with drugs guaranteed to spread antibiotic resistance and virulent pathogens . . . unless we can alleviate the poverty that forces people to cut down their forests and hunt and consume and bring to market wild creatures . . . unless we as conscious global citizens can stop buying and consuming the inhumane and dangerous factory-farmed foods and products made from forest-killing commodities such as industrial palm oil and GMO soybeans . . .  unless we can stop multinational corporations from clearcutting tropical rainforests, plowing up grasslands and savannas and destroying wetlands and marine ecosystems, and instead reforest, regenerate and restore damaged ecosystems . . . unless we can break down the walls of the factory farms and get 50 billion confined farm animals back out on the land grazing and foraging in a holistic and regenerative fashion that sequesters carbon and reduces rural poverty . . . unless we can carry out a global food, farming, land-use, energy and political regeneration, we will have more emerging viruses and diseases, an out-of-control climate emergency and the endless wars, poverty and conflict that arise out of our militarized “profit at any cost” economic system.In Sonia Shan’s recent article in The Nation magazine she quotes epidemiologist Larry Brilliant, who once said, “Outbreaks are inevitable, but pandemics are optional.”But, as Shan points out:“pandemics only remain optional if we have the will to disrupt our politics as readily as we disrupt nature and wildlife. In the end, there is no real mystery about the animal source of pandemics. It’s not some spiky scaled pangolin or furry flying bat. It’s populations of warm-blooded primates: The true animal source is us.”The myth of ‘national security’ and the global military-industrial complex: disturbing information.The whole notion of “national security” (i.e. “my army or my nuclear weapons or my biological weapons are more potent than yours”) is exposed as insanity when pandemics such as the coronavirus, or looming catastrophes such as runaway global warming (which will require global cooperation to stop greenhouse gas emissions and draw down excess greenhouse gases in the atmosphere and sequester them in our soils, plants and forests), rise up and pose existential threats to us all.It’s not clear yet whether COVID-19 was weaponized in one of the world’s numerous, and secretive, chemical and biological warfare laboratories (such as the ones in Fort Detrick, Maryland, or the one in Wuhan, China) and then was accidentally or deliberately released, or whether its toxic potency was accelerated by “normal” genetic mutations as it passed from bats and pangolins through humans.But there are disturbing facts about coronavirus, biowarfare and lax security in the world’s growing network of chemical and biological warfare labs that the commercial mass media and world governments aren’t telling us about.Francis Boyle, a legal expert on chemical and biological weapons, who authored the U.S. Biological Weapons Anti-Terrorism Act of 1989—passed unanimously by both houses of Congress and signed into law—and which bans offensive chemical and biological weapons and research, has stated that he believes the COVID-19 virus was weaponized and then accidentally released.Boyle suspects COVID-19 is a weaponized pathogen that escaped from Wuhan City’s Biosafety Level 4 facility, which was specifically set up to research coronaviruses and SARS. According to Boyle, the COVID-19 virus is a chimera. It includes SARS, an already weaponized coronavirus, along with HIV genetic material and possibly flu virus. It also has “gain of function properties” that allow it to spread a greater distance than normal.Last year (February 27, 2019) the Washington Post published a disturbing article entitled “The U.S. is funding dangerous experiments it doesn’t want you to know about.”The newsletter WanttoKnow.info summarizes and comments upon the implications of the Washington Post article (which is now behind a paywall):“In 2014, U.S. officials imposed a moratorium on experiments to enhance some of the world’s most lethal viruses by making them transmissible by air, responding to widespread concerns that a lab accident could spark a global pandemic. Apparently, the government has decided the research should now move ahead. In the past year, the U.S. government quietly greenlighted funding for two groups of researchers . . . to conduct transmission-enhancing experiments on the bird flu virus. Neither the approval nor the deliberations or judgments that supported it were announced publicly. This lack of transparency is unacceptable. Making decisions to approve potentially dangerous research in secret betrays the government’s responsibility to inform and involve the public when approving endeavors . . . that could put health and lives at risk. Hundreds of researchers . . . publicly opposed these experiments when they were first announced. In response to these concerns, the government issued a framework in 2017  for special review of ‘enhanced’ pathogens that could become capable of causing a pandemic. The framework . . . requires that experts in public-health preparedness and response, biosafety, ethics and law, among others, evaluate the work, but it is unclear from the public record if that happened. This secrecy means we don’t know how these requirements were applied, if at all, to the experiments now funded by the government.”On August 5, 2019, the New York Times reported that the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) had closed down (since reopened) the most important chemical and biological warfare laboratory in the U.S. at Fort Detrick, Maryland, for biosecurity lapses, “problems with disposal of dangerous materials.” Shortly thereafter, the Guardian UK newspaper linked to a video in which the CDC Director, Robert Redfield seemed to admit at a Congressional hearing that “some cases”  i.e. deaths from the coronavirus, had been discovered in the U.S. before being identified in Wuhan—no doubt due to the previously documented inability of the U.S. to test and verify differences compared with the flu.Watch this video interview with an experienced U.S. virologist, Judy Mikovits, who previously worked at Fort Detrick on weaponizing , and you’ll see why we desperately need to stop the madness, before it’s too late.I could go on and on with other disturbing “coincidences.” Hopefully COVID-19 was not weaponized in a CBW lab such as Fort Detrick or Wuhan, or at worst it was an accidental release due to a biosecurity lapse, rather than an act of war, as the Chinese, Russians and Iranians are now claiming in response to Trumps’s belligerent characterization of COVID-19 as the “Chinese Virus.”The point is that we need to stop weaponizing viruses and other pathogens in our so-called “defensive” chemical and biological weapons laboratories across the world, as international treaties dictate. We need to drop all U.S.- imposed economic sanctions across the world immediately, including those hampering current anti- COVID-19 measures in Russia, Cuba, Iran, Venezuela, Syria, North Korea and other nations.We are all in this together. We need to stop bullying and threatening one another. We need to stop spending trillions of dollars on bombs and missiles and chemical and biological warfare programs and cooperate on waging war against the real monsters that are staring us in the face: COVID-19 and the global Climate Emergency.The year 2020 will hopefully be remembered by our children and grandchildren as the transformational time when the global grassroots finally awakened to the existential threat of a Climate Emergency and the coronavirus pandemic, and forced our governments to cooperate and take decisive action.Hopefully, 2020 will be recorded in the history books as a time when we mobilized, as never before, to overcome a national and global emergency, and launched a long-overdue political and social revolution, a U.S. and global Green New Deal.Hopefully the future generations will be inspired by the unprecedented public education, grassroots lobbying, marketplace pressure, civil protest, mutual aid and farmer, energy, community and land-use innovation that will now be unfolding, galvanizing radical political and system change on a wartime scale, with a massive transfer of public and private investment from degenerative to regenerative practices.If not, future generations will look back on 2020 as the beginning of the end.We have an opportunity. As Paul Engler points out:“Trigger events can create confusion and unease. But they also present tremendous opportunities for people who have a plan and know how to use the moment to push forward their agendas. These agendas can be reactionary, as when conservatives and fascists pass harsh austerity measures and spread xenophobia—the type of activity documented in Naomi Klein’s ‘The Shock Doctrine. Yet, this type of response need not prevail. With a counter-agenda rooted in a commitment to democracy and a deep sense of collective empathy, communities can flourish, even amid a crisis.”|0
Abundant clinical evidence confirms vitamin C's powerful antiviral effect when used in sufficient quantity. Treating influenza with very large amounts of vitamin C is not a new idea at all. Frederick R. Klenner, MD, and Robert F. Cathcart, MD, successfully used this approach for decades. Frequent oral dosing with vitamin C sufficient to reach a daily bowel tolerance limit will work for most persons. Intravenous vitamin C is indicated for the most serious cases.Bowel tolerance levels of vitamin C, taken as divided doses all throughout the day, are a clinically proven antiviral without equal. Vitamin C can be used alone or right along with medicines if one so chooses."Some physicians would stand by and see their patients die rather than use ascorbic acid. Vitamin C should be given to the patient while the doctors ponder the diagnosis."Dr. Robert Cathcart advocated treating influenza with up to 150,000 milligrams of vitamin C daily, often intravenously. You and I can, to some extent, simulate a 24 hour IV of vitamin C by taking it by mouth very, very often. When I had pneumonia, it took 2,000 mg of vitamin C every six minutes, by the clock, to get me to saturation. My oral daily dose was over 100,000 mg. Fever, cough and other symptoms were reduced in hours; complete recovery took just a few days. That is performance at least as good as any pharmaceutical will give, and the vitamin is both safer and cheaper. Many physicians consider high doses of vitamin C to be so powerful an antiviral that it may be ranked as a functional immunization for a variety influenza strains. Dr. Cathcart writes:"The sicker a person was, the more ascorbic acid they would tolerate orally without it causing diarrhea. In a person with an otherwise normal GI tract when they were well, would tolerate 5 to 15 grams of ascorbic acid orally in divided doses without diarrhea. With a mild cold 30 to 60 grams; with a bad cold, 100 grams; with a flu, 150 grams; and with mononucleosis, viral pneumonia, etc. 200 grams or more of ascorbic acid would be tolerated orally without diarrhea. The process of finding what dose will cause diarrhea and will eliminate the acute symptoms, I call titrating to bowel tolerance."The ascorbate effect is a threshold effect. Symptoms are usually neutralized when a dose of about 90% or more of bowel tolerance is reached with oral ascorbic acid. Intravenous sodium ascorbate is about 2½ times more powerful than ascorbic acid by mouth and since for all practical purposes huge doses of sodium ascorbate are non-toxic, whatever dose necessary to eliminate free radical driven symptoms should be given."The coronavirus, in acute infections, may be expected to be just as susceptible to vitamin C as all of the other viruses against which it has been proven to be extremely effective. There has never been a documented situation in which sufficiently high dosing with vitamin C has been unable to neutralize or kill any virus against which it has been tested.Even the common cold is a coronavirus. A "new" opportunistic virus is a not a big surprise. History is full of them.Flu Pandemic of 1919-1920.About 10 million soldiers were killed in World War I (1914-1918), charging machine guns and getting mowed down month after month. There were nearly a million casualties at the Somme and another million at Verdun. A terrible slaughter went on for four years. Yet, in just the two years following the war, over 20 million people died from influenza. That is more than twice as many deaths from the flu in one-half the time it took the machine guns.With a century's worth of accumulated scientific hindsight, we must today ask this: Was a lack of vaccinations really the cause of those flu deaths, or was it really wartime stress, and especially war-induced malnutrition, that set the stage in 1918? And now, once again, we have an alarming and rather similar scenario: between nutrient-poor processed convenience foods, McNothing meals and TV news scare stories, we have the basic ingredients for an epidemic.Influenza is a serious disease, and historically, has been the Reaper's scythe. There is no way to make light of that. It warrants a closer look at how the medical profession and government have approached different types of influenza.Swine Flu.In the mid-1970s, there was the colossal Swine Flu panic. Here is what the government of the United States said about the infamous Swine Flu vaccine, in a 1976 mass-distributed FDA Consumer Memo on the subject:"Some minor side effects - tenderness in the arm, low fever, tiredness - will occur in less than 4% of (vaccinated) adults. Serious reactions from flu vaccines are very rare."Many will remember the very numerous and very serious side effects of Swine Flu vaccine that forced the federal immunization program to a halt. So much for blanket claims of safety.As far as being essential, in the same memo the FDA said this of the same vaccine:"Question: What can be done to prevent an epidemic? Answer: The only preventive action we can take is to develop a vaccine to immunize the public against the virus. This will prevent the virus from spreading."This was seen to be totally false. The public immunization program for Swine Flu was abruptly halted and still there was no epidemic. If vaccination were the only defense, one might expect that tens of millions of Americans would have been struck down with the Swine Flu, for a large percentage of the population of the U.S. was not vaccinated."Vaccines are being used as an ideological weapon. What you see every year as the flu is caused by 200 or 300 different agents with a vaccine against two of them. That is simply nonsense." (Tom Jefferson, MD, epidemiologist).Bird Flu.Robert F. Cathcart, MD, writes: "Treatment of the Bird Flu with massive doses of ascorbate would be the same as any other flu except that the severity of the disease indicates that it may take unusually massive doses of ascorbic acid orally or even intravenous sodium ascorbate. (Why the dose needed is somewhat proportional to the severity of the disease being treated is discussed in my paper published in 1981, Titrating to Bowel Tolerance, Anascorbemia, and Acute Induced Scurvy.) I have not seen any flu yet that was not cured or markedly ameliorated by massive doses of vitamin C but it is possible that the bird flu may require even higher doses such as 150 to 300 grams a day. Additionally, this flu could be primarily respiratory. This means that hospitalization might be necessary. If massive doses of ascorbate are not used, they may not be adequate. Most hospitals will not allow adequate doses of ascorbate to be given."Initial oral doses of ascorbic acid should also be massive. I would suggest like 12 grams every 15 minutes until diarrhea is produced. Then, however, doses should be reduced but not much. Listen to your body. If there are many symptoms, keep taking doses that cause a little diarrhea. You do not want constant runs because it is the amount you absorb that is important, not the amount you put in your mouth."BBC - 9 April 2006: "The chances of bird flu virus mutating into a form that spreads between humans are 'very low,' the government's chief scientific adviser has said. Sir David King said any suggestion a global flu pandemic in humans was inevitable was 'totally misleading.'"SARS.The coronavirus outbreak in China seems to be due to a virus similar to SARS (Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome), which was also a coronavirus. You may remember SARS from 2002. I most certainly do, as I was in Toronto, Canada at the time, smack in the middle of it. I took a lot of vitamin C preventively and had zero symptoms."The common cold is a coronavirus, and SARS is a coronavirus, so they are the same viral type." (David Jenkins, MD, Professor of Medicine and Nutritional Science, University of Toronto).Waiting for a vaccine?"We have set up a situation where a fear is created, and then we try to create the treatment for this fear. The public gets the idea that the flu is going to kill them and the vaccine will save them. Neither is true." (Marc Siegel, MD, author of False Alarm: The Truth About the Epidemic of Fear).Robert F. Cathcart: "All this talk about a vaccine is too late; a waste of time now, especially when we know how to cure the disease already. Every flu I have seen so far (since 1970) has been cured or ameliorated by massive doses of ascorbate. All of these diseases kill by way of free radicals. These free radicals are easily eliminated by massive doses of ascorbate. This is a matter of chemistry, not medicine. The time has come to stop hiding our ability to treat these acute infectious diseases with massive doses of ascorbate."Ideally, however, in serious cases this disease should be treated first with at least 180 grams or more of sodium ascorbate intravenously every 24 hours running constantly until the fever is broken and most of the symptoms are ameliorated. If after a few hours that rate of administration does not have an obvious ameliorating effect, the rate should be increased." What dosage?Vitamin C fights all types of viruses. Although the dose should truly be high, even a low supplemental amount of vitamin C saves lives. This is very important for those with low incomes and few treatment options. For example, in one well-controlled, randomized study, just 200 mg/day vitamin C given to the elderly resulted in improvement in respiratory symptoms in the most severely ill, hospitalized patients. And there were 80% fewer deaths in the vitamin C group.But to best build up our immune systems, we need to employ large, orthomolecular doses of several vital nutrients. The physicians on the Orthomolecular Medicine News Service review board specifically recommend at least 3,000 milligrams (or more) of vitamin C daily, in divided doses. Vitamin C empowers the immune system and can directly denature many viruses. It can be taken as ascorbic acid (which is sour like vinegar), either in capsules or as crystals dissolved in water or juice. It can also be taken as sodium ascorbate, which is non-acidic. To be most effective, it should be taken to bowel tolerance. This means taking high doses several (or many) times each day. See the references below for more information.Nebulized hydrogen peroxide.Thomas E. Levy, MD: "Viral syndromes start or are strongly supported by ongoing viral replication in the naso- and oropharynx. When appropriate agents are nebulized (into a fine spray) and this viral presence is quickly eliminated, the rest of the body "mops up" quite nicely the rest of the viral presence. The worst viral infections are continually fed and sustained by the viral growth in the pharynx. Probably the best and most accessible agent to nebulize would be 3% hydrogen peroxide for 15 to 30 minutes several times daily." An example of successful treatment by ascorbate:"Chikungunya is a viral illness characterized by severe joint pains, which may persist for months to years. There is no effective treatment for this disease. We treated 56 patients with moderate to severe persistent pains with a single infusion of ascorbic acid ranging from 25-50 grams and hydrogen peroxide (3 cc of a 3% solution) from July to October 2014. Patients were asked about their pain using the Verbal Numerical Rating Scale-11 immediately before and after treatment. The mean Pain Score before and after treatment was 8 and 2 respectively (60%) (p < 0.001); and 5 patients (9%) had a Pain Score of 0. The use of intravenous ascorbic acid and hydrogen peroxide resulted in a statistically significant reduction of pain in patients with moderate to severe pain from the Chikungunya virus immediately after treatment."Available evidence indicates that supplementation with multiple micronutrients with immune-supporting roles may modulate immune function and reduce the risk of infection. Micronutrients with the strongest evidence for immune support are vitamins C and D and zinc.Additional recommended nutrients.Magnesium: 400 mg daily (in citrate, malate, chelate, or chloride form). Many people are deficient in magnesium, because modern agriculture often does not supply adequate magnesium in the soil, and food processing removes magnesium. It is an extremely important nutrient that is essential for hundreds of biochemical pathways. A blood test for magnesium cannot correctly diagnose a deficiency. A long-term deficiency of magnesium can build up in the body that may take 6 months to a year of higher than normal doses to replete.A very cheap and highly beneficial adjunct for any acute infection, especially viral, is oral magnesium chloride. Amazingly, just as intravenous vitamin C has been shown to cure polio, an oral magnesium chloride regimen has been shown to do the same thing, as or even more effectively than the vitamin C.Mix 25 grams MgCl2 in a quart of water. Depending on body size (tiny infant to an adult), give 15 to 125 ml of this solution four times daily. If the taste is too salty/bitter, a favorite juice can be added.Vitamin D3: 2,000 International Units daily. (Start with 5,000 IU/day for two weeks, then reduce to 2,000). Vitamin D is stored in the body for long periods but takes a long time to reach an effective level. If you are deficient (e.g. if you haven't taken vitamin D and it's near the end of winter when the sun is low in the sky) you can start by taking larger than normal doses for 2 weeks to build up the level quickly. The maintenance dose varies with body weight, 400-1000 IU/day for children and 2000-5000 IU/day for adults.William Grant, PhD, says: "Coronaviruses cause pneumonia as does influenza. A study of the case-fatality rate from the 1918-1919 influenza pandemic in the United States showed that most deaths were due to pneumonia. The SARS-coronavirus and the current China coronavirus were both most common in winter, when vitamin D status is lowest." "I have found the value of bolstering immune function with Vitamin D to be incredibly powerful." (Dr. Jeffrey Allyn Ruterbusch)Zinc.Zinc is a powerful antioxidant and is essential for many biochemical pathways. It has been shown to be effective in helping the body fight infections. [20,21] A recommended dose is 20-40 mg/day for adults.Selenium: 100 mcg (micrograms) daily. Selenium is an essential nutrient and an important antioxidant that can help to fight infections. Dr. Damien Downing says: "Swine flu, bird flu and SARS (another coronavirus) all developed in selenium-deficient areas of China; Ebola and HIV in Selenium-deficient areas of Sub-Saharan Africa. This is because the same oxidative stress that causes us inflammation forces viruses to mutate rapidly in order to survive. 'When Se-deficient virus-infected hosts were supplemented with dietary Se, viral mutation rates diminished and immunocompetence improved.'"B-complex vitamins and vitamin A: A multivitamin tablet with each meal will supply these conveniently and economically.Nutritional supplements are not just a good idea. For fighting viruses, they are absolutely essential.|0
The Americans have exhausted all their means [in Syria]: First, with the military support of terrorism, the incitement of Turkey, the mobilisation of the Gulf countries, and the encouragement of the Israelis to carry out an air raid on targets near Damascus. All of these movements did not help… In this regard, the Americans called for help the dangerous epidemic of coronavirus, accusing Iran of causing the death of individuals from Lebanon, the Gulf countries, Pakistan and Afghanistan, with an infection that moved from neighbouring Iranian lands.Will Corona save American influence in Syria and Iraq and stifle Iran? This is what Pompeo wants, but the countries that are targeted by rumours of coronavirus are working to protect their people from the coronavirus epidemic and another more dangerous epidemic, that is, the American colonialism that makes great efforts to renew its youth.|0
The special case of the Coronavirus, Vitamin C – Coronavirus: Exploring Effective Nutritional Treatments, Andrew W. Saul, Orthomolecular News Service; January 30, 2020. This article is based on more than 30 clinical studies confirming the antiviral power of vitamin C against a wide range of flu viruses over several decades. Vitamin C inactivates the virus and strengthens the immune system to continue to suppress the virus. In many cases, oral supplementation up to 10,000 mg daily can create this protection. However, some viruses are stronger and may require larger doses given intravenously (100,000 to 150,000 mg daily). Vitamin C helps the body to make its own antioxidant, glutathione as well assist the body in the production of its own antiviral called interferon. If IV vitamin C is not available there have been cases where some people have gradually increased their oral dose up to 50,000 mg daily before reaching bowel tolerance. Powdered or crystal forms of high quality ascorbic acid can be taken five grams (5,000 mg) at a time, every four hours. Every virus seems to respond to this type of treatment, regardless of the whether it is SARs, Bird flu, Swine flu or the new Coronavirus flu. Vitamin D3 – Vitamin D helps fend off flu, asthma attacks, American Journal of Clinical Nutrition, March 10, 2010. This was a double-blind placebo controlled study where the treatment group consumed 1,200 IU of vitamin D3 during the cold and flu season, while the control group took a placebo. The vitamin D group had a 58% reduced risk of flu. Vitamin D3 is also very effective in the treatment of virus/flu infections:Vitamin D3 helps our body to make an antibiotic protein called cathelicidin, which is known to kill viruses, bacteria, fungi and parasites.Vitamin D deficiency for adults is 42%, but this is incorrect because the standards are too low. Levels of 30-50 ng/ml are said to be adequate, but every scientific study has shown that levels of 50-100 ng/ml are needed for true protection.Diet and sunshine are good sources of vitamin D, but most people need to supplement, especially during flu season. Between 5,000-10,000 IU daily is often recommended in the form of a quality liquid supplement.When you get the flu Dr. John Cannel recommends taking 50,000 IU daily for the first 5 days, and then 5.000-10,000 IU as a maintenance dose. Silver – Silver Kills Viruses, Journal of Nanotechnology, October 18, 2005. This study found that silver nanoparticles kills HIV-1 and virtually any other viruses. The study was jointly conducted by the University of Texas and Mexico University. After incubating HIV-1 virus at 37 C, the silver particles killed 100% of the virus within 3 hours. Silver employs a unique mechanism of action to kill viruses.Silver binds to the membrane of the virus, limiting its oxygen supply and suffocating it.Silver also binds to the DNA of the virus cell, preventing it from multiplying.Silver is also able to prevent the transfer of the virus from one person to another by blocking the ability of the virus to find a host cell to feed on. All viruses need host cells to survive.Colloidal silver can also be used at doses of 10-20 ppm. Nanoparticle sliver is preferred.The best defense against swine flu, bird flu or the new coronavirus may be a few teaspoons of sliver every day. Bacteria and viruses cannot develop a resistance like many other treatments can. Silver disables a vital enzyme and mechanism in pathogens, so they cannot survive.Other evidence-based herbal strategies for the flu.In addition to the previously mentioned vitamin strategies for preventing and treating virus-related illnesses, there are several herbal remedies that are also effective. Here are a few with proven scientific evidence behind them:Elderberry – A study published in the Journal of Alternative and Complementary Medicine found elderberry can be used as a safe and effective treatment for influenza A and B.Calendula – A study by the University of Maryland Medical Center found that ear drops containing calendula can be effective for treating ear infections in children.Astragulus root – Scientific studies have shown that Astragulus has anti-viral properties and stimulates the immune system. One study in the Chinese Medical Sciences Journal concluded that Astragulus is able to inhibit the growth of coxsackie B virus.Licorice root – Licorice is gaining popularity for the prevention and treatment of diseases, such as hepatitis C, HIV and influenza. (The Chinese Journal of Virology published a review of these findings. Olive leaf – Olive leaf has been proven effective in the treatment of cold and flu viruses, meningitis, pneumonia, hepatitis B, malaria, gonorrhea and tuberculosis. One study at the New York University School of Medicine found that olive leaf extracts reversed many HIV-1 infections.These are just some of the many anti-viral agents that should be included in everyone’s home remedy medicine chest. It may also be helpful to know which foods can provide the best anti-vital protection. Certain foods can provide strong anti-viral production. Some of the strongest foods in this category include:Wild blueberries.Sprouts.Cilantro.Coconut oil.Garlic.Ginger.Sweet potatoes.Turmeric.Red clover.Parsley.Kale.Fennel.Pomegranates.Conclusion.It is a generally accepted fact that once a virus is in the body it very seldom leaves. The medications, vitamins and herbs that have been proven to be effective simply suppress the virus and limit its ability to reproduce. A strong immune system is the key to preventing and/or successfully treating any chronic illness. The key elements of this protection program include: Eating a plant-based whole food diet with very limited animal products.Adding daily nutritional supplements such as a multiple vitamin/mineral, 2000 mg of vitamin C with bioflavonoids, maintain vitamin D3 levels of 50-90 ng/mL, 1000-2000 mg of Omega 3 oils, a vitamin B complex and about 400 mg of magnesium depending on your level of exercise.Avoid toxins and use detoxification programs periodically.Regular daily exercise-aerobic, resistance and flexibility.Avoid stress and use yoga and meditation to manage stress.Wash your hands with soap and water after touching areas that have been touched by others.In the home, there is a new product, PureGreen24, that kills Staph, MRSA and most viruses within two minutes. This product has an EPA IV toxicity rating and is safe and effective for hospitals as well as for children and pets at home.Avoid putting your hands to your face.Avoid anyone who is experiencing flu and cold symptoms.At the first signs of any cold or flu symptoms begin a fairly aggressive treatment protocol. The sooner treatment begins the better the chance is that the infection can be stopped and/or controlled.By adhering to this basic anti-viral strategy, it is possible to greatly reduce the risk of these virus-related illnesses, as well as most other illnesses. Conventional medicine offers very little for the prevention or treatment of most viral illnesses. Natural medicine offers considerably more solutions.|0
Miles Guo identified the Chinese scientist “Deyin Guo” to be the person who created the Wuhan Coronavirus. Wang Quishan, the vice present of China, ordered this attack. Now the Chinese Communist Party is blaming the U.S. for creating Wuhan coronavirus. Please click on the link below to read the last news.The Chinese Communist Party will finally admit that the real source of the coronavirus is from “a lab in Wuhan” linked to its covert biological weapon programs.As the “novel” coronavirus originated in Wuhan is spreading to ten countries, more and more people including international bio-weapon experts are questioning its link to the Wuhan P4 lab located about 20 miles from a seafood market where the first few cases of human infections were found.A reliable source, one of the Chinese kleptocrats, told Miles Guo today that the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) will admit to the public of an “accidental” leak of lab-created virus from a P4 lab in Wuhan to put blames on “human errors”. But the official announcement is still being finalized.Initially, the Chinese communist’s propaganda machines were blaming the virus on wild animals like bats by showing many videos of people eating bats.In January 2018, a bio-safety level four (BSL-4) laboratory was built in the city of Wuhan, which focuses on the control of emerging diseases and stores purified SARS and other types of viruses. It is supposed to act as a WHO ‘reference laboratory’ linked to similar labs around the world.The remaining question is whether the Chinese Communist Party leaked the virus on purpose as a desperate attempt to stay in power. There is no final conclusion yet, but the Chinese Communist Party acted suspiciously before, during and after the first case of Wuhan pneumonia:Wang Qishan visited Wuhan secretly during the time of the first “sign” of the deadly virus.The Chinese top kleptocrats like Han Zheng did not respond to any early reports of the mysterious Wuhan pneumonia sent by the government of Hubei province.The Chinese government deliberately covered up and delayed the reporting and containment of the mysterious pneumonia.The Chinese kleptocrat Wang Qishan, the Vice President of China, told his friend confidently that the outbreak would end in February while the epidemic is spreading out of control.The Chinese government deliberately abandon the residents, patients and medical staff at the epicenter without providing food, medical supplies or protective gear.The Chinese top kleptocrats handle the outbreak with a nonchalant attitude. Instead of talking or acting in ways to show concerns, they were celebrating Chinese New Year as if nothing has happened.The Chinese government has not done a lot to reduce the spread of the disease except for sending military forces to prevent people from escaping their cities or villages on lockdown.The Chinese government allows the fear to spread nationally and internationally to create an almost doomsday-like scene.The Chinese government rejected aid, monitoring, donation or assistance from the WHO to keep the epidemic in a black box.|0
The novel SARS-CoV-2 coronavirus that emerged in the city of Wuhan, China, last year and has since caused a large scale COVID-19 epidemic and spread to more than 70 other countries is the product of natural evolution, according to findings published today in the journal Nature Medicine.The analysis of public genome sequence data from SARS-CoV-2 and related viruses found no evidence that the virus was made in a laboratory or otherwise engineered."By comparing the available genome sequence data for known coronavirus strains, we can firmly determine that SARS-CoV-2 originated through natural processes," said Kristian Andersen, PhD, an associate professor of immunology and microbiology at Scripps Research and corresponding author on the paper.In addition to Andersen, authors on the paper, "The proximal origin of SARS-CoV-2," include Robert F. Garry, of Tulane University; Edward Holmes, of the University of Sydney; Andrew Rambaut, of University of Edinburgh; W. Ian Lipkin, of Columbia University.Coronaviruses are a large family of viruses that can cause illnesses ranging widely in severity. The first known severe illness caused by a coronavirus emerged with the 2003 Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) epidemic in China. A second outbreak of severe illness began in 2012 in Saudi Arabia with the Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS).On December 31 of last year, Chinese authorities alerted the World Health Organization of an outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus causing severe illness, which was subsequently named SARS-CoV-2. As of February 20, 2020, nearly 167,500 COVID-19 cases have been documented, although many more mild cases have likely gone undiagnosed. The virus has killed over 6,600 people.Shortly after the epidemic began, Chinese scientists sequenced the genome of SARS-CoV-2 and made the data available to researchers worldwide. The resulting genomic sequence data has shown that Chinese authorities rapidly detected the epidemic and that the number of COVID-19 cases have been increasing because of human to human transmission after a single introduction into the human population. Andersen and collaborators at several other research institutions used this sequencing data to explore the origins and evolution of SARS-CoV-2 by focusing in on several tell-tale features of the virus.The scientists analyzed the genetic template for spike proteins, armatures on the outside of the virus that it uses to grab and penetrate the outer walls of human and animal cells. More specifically, they focused on two important features of the spike protein: the receptor-binding domain (RBD), a kind of grappling hook that grips onto host cells, and the cleavage site, a molecular can opener that allows the virus to crack open and enter host cells.Evidence for natural evolution.The scientists found that the RBD portion of the SARS-CoV-2 spike proteins had evolved to effectively target a molecular feature on the outside of human cells called ACE2, a receptor involved in regulating blood pressure. The SARS-CoV-2 spike protein was so effective at binding the human cells, in fact, that the scientists concluded it was the result of natural selection and not the product of genetic engineering.This evidence for natural evolution was supported by data on SARS-CoV-2's backbone -- its overall molecular structure. If someone were seeking to engineer a new coronavirus as a pathogen, they would have constructed it from the backbone of a virus known to cause illness. But the scientists found that the SARS-CoV-2 backbone differed substantially from those of already known coronaviruses and mostly resembled related viruses found in bats and pangolins."These two features of the virus, the mutations in the RBD portion of the spike protein and its distinct backbone, rules out laboratory manipulation as a potential origin for SARS-CoV-2" said Andersen.Josie Golding, PhD, epidemics lead at UK-based Wellcome Trust, said the findings by Andersen and his colleagues are "crucially important to bring an evidence-based view to the rumors that have been circulating about the origins of the virus (SARS-CoV-2) causing COVID-19.""They conclude that the virus is the product of natural evolution," Goulding adds, "ending any speculation about deliberate genetic engineering."Possible origins of the virus.Based on their genomic sequencing analysis, Andersen and his collaborators concluded that the most likely origins for SARS-CoV-2 followed one of two possible scenarios.In one scenario, the virus evolved to its current pathogenic state through natural selection in a non-human host and then jumped to humans. This is how previous coronavirus outbreaks have emerged, with humans contracting the virus after direct exposure to civets (SARS) and camels (MERS). The researchers proposed bats as the most likely reservoir for SARS-CoV-2 as it is very similar to a bat coronavirus. There are no documented cases of direct bat-human transmission, however, suggesting that an intermediate host was likely involved between bats and humans.In this scenario, both of the distinctive features of SARS-CoV-2's spike protein -- the RBD portion that binds to cells and the cleavage site that opens the virus up -- would have evolved to their current state prior to entering humans. In this case, the current epidemic would probably have emerged rapidly as soon as humans were infected, as the virus would have already evolved the features that make it pathogenic and able to spread between people.In the other proposed scenario, a non-pathogenic version of the virus jumped from an animal host into humans and then evolved to its current pathogenic state within the human population. For instance, some coronaviruses from pangolins, armadillo-like mammals found in Asia and Africa, have an RBD structure very similar to that of SARS-CoV-2. A coronavirus from a pangolin could possibly have been transmitted to a human, either directly or through an intermediary host such as civets or ferrets.Then the other distinct spike protein characteristic of SARS-CoV-2, the cleavage site, could have evolved within a human host, possibly via limited undetected circulation in the human population prior to the beginning of the epidemic. The researchers found that the SARS-CoV-2 cleavage site, appears similar to the cleavage sites of strains of bird flu that has been shown to transmit easily between people. SARS-CoV-2 could have evolved such a virulent cleavage site in human cells and soon kicked off the current epidemic, as the coronavirus would possibly have become far more capable of spreading between people.Study co-author Andrew Rambaut cautioned that it is difficult if not impossible to know at this point which of the scenarios is most likely. If the SARS-CoV-2 entered humans in its current pathogenic form from an animal source, it raises the probability of future outbreaks, as the illness-causing strain of the virus could still be circulating in the animal population and might once again jump into humans. The chances are lower of a non-pathogenic coronavirus entering the human population and then evolving properties similar to SARS-CoV-2.Funding for the research was provided by the US National Institutes of Health, the Pew Charitable Trusts, the Wellcome Trust, the European Research Council, and an ARC Australian Laureate Fellowship.|1
Unless your child has a history of direct contact with someone who has tested positive for the virus, a history of travel to affected areas or is sick enough to be hospitalized, it is unlikely she will be tested.“Availability of testing depends on where you are,” Dr. O’Leary said. “Even in the best case scenario, you can’t test everyone because there aren’t enough test kits at this point.” Older and higher-risk patients are being prioritized for testing because they tend to develop the most severe symptoms after infection.If your child does get tested, it’s unclear how quickly her results will come back — and the time frame will most likely depend on where you are, which lab is testing her and how long she’s been sick. “It’s all over the map,” Dr. O’Leary said. Anecdotally, he has heard about results taking anywhere from a few hours to seven days, depending on the state and the level of demand.A greater number of labs will be able to provide testing in the coming days, according to Dr. O’Leary. But because there may also be increased demand, it’s unclear whether that will speed up testing time overall.|1
Clinical trials using high dose vitamin C therapy in China ignored by Western media. New York hospitals now using vitamin C therapy to treat coronavirus patients. Not a day passes without some hyped up media story of how big-pharma is racing to the rescue of humanity with its search for a coronavirus vaccine. There are over 40 companies now searching for a vaccine. Collectively they are spending huge sums of money supported by lavish amounts of tax payer cash. Estimates of how soon a vaccine can be produced vary wildly but most estimates agree that it is unlikely to happen this year. It goes without saying that the first to market with a usable vaccine stands to make billions of dollars.The mainstream media, scientific and political establishments are completely under the spell of big pharma. Governments reassure the public that they’re doing everything in their power to protect them with a variety of measures. These range from mass lock downs and trillion dollar bailouts for big business to limited amounts of helicopter money for the citizens of wealthier countries.Regardless of where you live if you have to go to hospital with symptoms of the coronavirus the key question facing you is: will you be able to leave walking out front door or will you end up being wheeled out the basement back door?The mainstream media in cahoots with governments and the medical establishment are suppressing any news regarding the use of a cheap, safe and easy to produce treatment for coronavirus patients. Maybe its because this treatment is being used in Chinese hospitals to save lives. Let’s face it there has been no let up in Cold War 2.0 during the current pandemic.Dr. Andrew W. Saul, Editor in chief of the Orthomolecular Medicine News Service, sums up the Western big pharma approach nicely when he says:Medical orthodoxy obsessively focuses on searching for a vaccine and/or drug for coronavirus COVID-19). While they are looking for what would be fabulously profitable approaches, we have with vitamin C an existing, plausible, clinically demonstrated method to treat what coronavirus patients die from: severe acute respiratory syndrome, or pneumonia.”On 17 March a group of Chinese physicians held a video conference to discuss the use of high dose intravenous vitamin C for patients with moderate to severe cases of corona virus. The keynote speaker at this meeting was Dr. Enqian Mao, chief of the emergency medicine Department of Ruiijin hospital in Shanghai.Dr Mao is also a senior member of the expert team at the Shanghai Public health Centre, where all coronavirus patients have been treated from the Shanghai area. Dr Mao was also a co-author of the medical protocol for the treatment of coronavirus that has been adopted by the Shanghai Medical Association and the government of Shanghai. This medical protocol also advocates the use of high-dose intravenous vitamin C for the treatment of mild, moderate and severe cases of the coronavirus.Over the last decade Dr Mao has been using high-dose intravenous vitamin C (IVC) to treat patients with a variety of acute medical conditions ranging from pancreatitis and sepsis to surgical wound healing. When the coronavirus epidemic first broke out he and several other colleagues thought that high-dose intravenous C could be a potential treatment for patients presenting with the coronavirus. Their recommendation for the use of high-dose intravenous vitamin C as a treatment was adopted by the Shanghai expert team.Dr. Richard Cheng, an American-Chinese doctor currently based in Shanghai has given a report of this meeting. He notes that:“Dr. Mao stated that his group treated ~50 cases of moderate to severe cases of Covid-19 infection with high dose IVC. The IVC dosing was in the range of 10,000 mg – 20,000 mg a day for 7-10 days, with 10,000 mg for moderate cases and 20,000 for more severe cases, determined by pulmonary status (mostly the oxygenation index) and coagulation status. All patients who received IVC improved and there was no mortality. Compared to the average of a 30-day hospital stay for all Covid-19 patients, those patients who received high dose IVC had a hospital stay about 3-5 days shorter than the overall patients. Dr. Mao discussed one severe case in particular who was deteriorating rapidly. He gave a bolus of 50,000 mg IVC over a period of 4 hours. The patient’s pulmonary (oxygenation index) status stabilized and improved as the critical care team watched in real time. There were no side effects reported from any of the cases treated with high dose IVC. ”Dr Cheng also reported that he had a separate meeting with Dr. Sheng Wang, Professor of critical medicine of Shanghai’s 10th Hospital, Tongji University College of medicine. At this meeting Professor Weng said that there were several important lessons to be learned from Shanghai’s experience treating patients with the coronavirus. The most important lesson was:“Early and high-dose IVC is quite helpful in helping Covid-19 patients. The data is still being finalized and the formal papers will be submitted for publication as soon as they are complete.”Professor Wang also stated that coronavirus patients displayed a high rate of hyper-coagulability, i.e. an abnormally increased tendency toward blood clotting, which is best treated with heparin.He also stated that it was vitally important for front line medical professionals to, ‘wear protective clothing at the earliest opportunity for intubation and other emergency rescue measures.’ The American health authorities should take notice of this considering that pictures of nurses in New York wearing black plastic refuse sacks have been appearing on social media.Richard Chang has also noted that Professors Mao and Weng have stated that high-dose intravenous vitamin C is being used as a treatment for coronavirus patients in other hospitals around China.Not surprisingly, reports of this cheap, safe treatment, that has been pioneered in China, have been being completely ignored by Western governments and the medical establishments that are beholden to the big pharma approach to the current pandemic.Thankfully, there are doctors in the West who are not blinded by the close minded approach pursued by their governments and so called medical experts. Apparently, doctors at several hospitals in New York, which is the epicentre of the coronavirus epidemic in America, have started to use the pioneering treatments coming out of China.Dr. Andrew G. Weber, a pulmonologist and critical-care specialist affiliated with two Northwell Health facilities on Long Island, has said that coronavirus patients admitted to intensive care immediately receive 1,500 mg of intravenous vitamin C. This dosage is then repeated 3-4 times a day.According to Dr. Weber this treatment regime is based upon the experimental use of high-dose vitamin C in Shanghai’s hospitals. He told the New York Post:“The patients who received vitamin C did significantly better than those who did not get vitamin C. It helps a tremendous amount, but it is not highlighted because it’s not a sexy drug.”Apparently, high-dose intravenous vitamin C is been used in hospitals across New York. Sadly, its use appears to be patchy and is dependent upon the whims of individual doctors rather than being part of any systematic medical protocol.As the global death toll soars higher we can only hope that more and more doctors will follow in the footsteps of their Chinese colleagues and have the courage to use a safe and cheap treatment that is totally at odds with the big pharma approach currently followed by the World Health Organisation and most governments. The current approach used by many Western Governments has been slow, clumsy and ill informed putting the interests of big business above saving the lives of ordinary people.|0
Without contact tracing, a pandemic could get much worse. Thousands of Americans could soon join the ranks of disease detectives in one of the most important battles against coronavirus.Contact tracing has helped slow or stop previous epidemics, such as the SARS and Ebola outbreaks. But it's never been more critical -- or more challenging -- than in this fight against coronavirus.Here's how contact tracing works and how it can employ Americans who were recently laid off:What exactly is contact tracing?Contact tracing tracks down anyone who might have been infected by a person who was recently diagnosed so those contacts can quarantine themselves and prevent further spread."In contact tracing, public health staff work with a patient to help them recall everyone with whom they have had close contact during the timeframe while they may have been infectious," the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said."Contacts are provided with education, information, and support to understand their risk, what they should do to separate themselves from others who are not exposed, monitor themselves for illness, and the possibility that they could spread the infection to others even if they themselves do not feel ill."It's an arduous task, but contact tracing has been credited with helping stop the SARS epidemic in 2004.But immediate action is needed, the CDC said. "Communities must scale up and train a large contact tracer workforce and work collaboratively across public and private agencies to stop the transmission of COVID-19," the disease caused by novel coronavirus.Why is contact tracing so critical right now?Researchers say the US -- or really any country -- can't safely reopen without significant amounts of contact tracing and testing.Without them, "We're going to be at risk of resurgence of this disease -- not just in the fall, but going into next year," said Josh Michaud, associate director of global health policy at the Kaiser Family Foundation.How does the process work?Coronavirus survivor Amy Driscoll got a call from her county health department two hours after she got home from the hospital.A long list of questions followed: "Who have I seen in the last two weeks? Where was I in the last two weeks? Who was I in contact with? Where do I work?" Driscoll recalled.After that, her coworkers in Ohio had to be contacted. So did a restaurant where she had gone for lunch. And a hair salon that she had visited. And also those who sat near her at a Cleveland Cavaliers game.But when contacts are notified, they aren't told who was diagnosed with coronavirus."To protect patient privacy, contacts are only informed that they may have been exposed to a patient with the infection," the CDC says. "They are not told the identity of the patient who may have exposed them."How do people get notified?Contact tracers use a variety of methods, including phone calls, emails and social media messaging.Some places are getting creative. In North Dakota, health officials partnered with the creator of an app used to track bison to launch a new app called Care19.Those who download Care19 will get a random ID number, "and the app will anonymously cache the individual's locations throughout the day," the North Dakota coronavirus response website says."If an individual tests positive for COVID-19, they will be given the opportunity to consent to provide their information to the NDDoH to help in contact tracing and forecasting the pandemic's progression with accurate, real-time data."Apple and Google are developing new contact tracing technology using smartphones and Bluetooth technology to alert those who may have been close to someone infected.But there are limitations to that new technology. Users would have to opt-in, and it's not clear whether enough people will do so to make the effort worthwhile. And people without smartphones would not get notified.How many contact tracers are there?"The total number of existing disease detectives in the United States (was) only 2,200" before the coronavirus outbreak, said David Harvey, executive director of the National Coalition of STD Directors.About 1,600 of those disease detectives are members of the coalition, which is funded by the CDC and typically combats the spread of sexually transmitted diseases.But most of them have been redeployed to do contact tracing for coronavirus, Harvey said."Any time there's an infectious disease outbreak, they get redeployed to Zika, Ebola, food-borne illness outbreaks," Harvey said. "This is an essential public health workforce."Do we have enough contact tracers?No. A study released by Johns Hopkins University estimates the US needs at least 100,000 additional public health workers to help with contact tracing.And that might be a low estimate, said Anita Cicero, deputy director at the Johns Hopkins Center for Health Security and a co-author of the study. She said the US will likely need more than 100,000, but that's a good start to help the more heavily impacted areas.Former CDC Director Dr. Tom Frieden said the US could need "several hundred thousand" contact tracers.The problem: "Both state public health and county local public health do not have the resources or the people that are needed to be able to do contact tracing for all identified cases," Cicero said.But funding from the CARES Act is expected to pay for thousands more contact tracers, Harvey said. That could help some of the many Americans laid off during the coronavirus pandemic.How do I apply to become a contact tracer?Applicants can go to Contrace.org to submit their information."CONTRACE Public Health Corps is a national database of over 50,000 qualified contact tracer applicants," founder and CEO Steve Waters said."The information is shared with organizations hiring contact tracing teams throughout the US."Harvey said you can also check your state health department's website and the CDC Foundation's website for contact tracing job opportunities.What education do you need to be a contact tracer?"It is helpful to have a public health or health care background," Harvey said. Fluency in multiple languages is also a plus.But "no matter what your background, you can be trained to do this work," Harvey said.Different state or local health departments might have different requirements. The CDC Foundation's job posting requires a bachelor's degree for contact tracing candidates.How much do contact tracers get paid?"Contact tracers are not paid enough," Harvey said. "The average salary in the United States is $35,000 a year."But it is not yet clear how much newly hired contact tracers will make in different parts of the country.What do contact tracers say to those who might have been exposed?Sensitivity is important, since it's not easy for people to hear they might have been infected with coronavirus, Harvey said."A person will typically be told, 'You may have been exposed. We recommend that you isolate for the next 14 days. Here's where you can get a test. What questions can I answer for you? Tell me folks that you've had sustained closed proximity with, and together we'll work to notify these people,'" he said.Who's leading contact tracing across the US?There's no central agency overseeing all the contact tracing -- rather, it's a mix of state and local health departments, nonprofits, private entities and universities.One of the biggest programs involves New York state, New Jersey, Connecticut, Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health, the Resolve to Save Lives Initiative and Bloomberg Philanthropies, which has committed $10.5 million to a new contact tracing program.In Massachusetts, the Boston-based nonprofit Partners in Health is partnering with the state health department to boost contact tracing.And in San Francisco, the public health department has partnered with the University of California, San Francisco and DIMAGI, a company working with the CDC to digitize workflow and monitoring.Why is contact tracing for coronavirus so difficult?This novel coronavirus is highly contagious -- about twice as contagious as the flu when there's no social distancing orders. The Johns Hopkins study estimates each person with coronavirus infects another two or three other people, making it very difficult to find everyone who could be infected.This coronavirus can also be spread by asymptomatic people who don't look or feel sick, meaning there are carriers who might not even know they're infected.And unlike contact tracing for other types of diseases, Covid-19 is a respiratory illness. So contact tracers can't knock on people's doors the same way they might have done with other outbreaks, Harvey said.Does contact tracing actually help?"Without a doubt, contact tracing works," Harvey said.Some of the most successful countries in the fight against coronavirus have used widespread contact tracing. By quickly identifying contacts, those who might be infected were able to quarantine themselves and avoid spreading the virus to others."This is a strategy that goes hand-in-hand with economic recovery and reducing the isolation recommendations that are currently in place," Harvey said."Once people start coming out of their homes and returning to work and resuming aspects of a normal life, that's where this function is essential to measure outbreaks and warn people so we can intervene."|1
Two main clues help us predict whether a virus is going to stick around. First, we consider the virus’s origins. If it came from animals and could still be circulating in animals, then no matter how good we are at getting rid of it in humans, animals could always bring it back. That’s true with influenza: Even if a certain strain disappears, a new one might emerge from animals—as we’ve seen with avian viruses.But with a major outbreak like COVID-19 already underway in humans, the big question is how good humans are at developing immunity. And, if they gain immunity, does it stick, or does it fizzle out over time—leaving the door open a crack for the virus to return? As the first cases get further and further out from the point of infection, that data will give us a better idea of what to expect.|1
Flatten the curve essentially means to spread out the projected number of new cases over a longer period so that people have better access to healthcare. This is why more and more countries are urging social distancing and even imposing lockdowns to contain the spread. For Dr Howard Markel, the American physician and medical historian who helped coin flatten the curve, the term is part of his vocabulary. From world leaders to teens, people have only been using it for a couple of weeks. “An outbreak anywhere can go everywhere,” he told ‘Michigan Medicine ’, a University of Michigan blog that features health news and wellness tips. “We all need to pitch in to try to prevent cases both within ourselves and in our communities.” Flatten it like China, South Korea. By February, the epidemic had spread wildly in Wuhan, China. Medical personnel didn’t know what they were up against. Hospitals were overburdened. As a result, social distancing  measures were taken only when it was too late. The disease’s curve, a graph representing the quick spike in infections, was steep. China and South Korea have managed to flatten the curve by implementing severe community isolation measures, keeping daily cases at a controllable level for the medical community. The flatter the curve, the lesser the strain on medical systems, thus minimising the chances of overwhelming them. Because the infection curve rose so fast in Italy, the healthcare system couldn’t cope with all the new cases. Apparently, the country is starting to slightly bend the curve with lower day-to-day cases being recorded. A flatter curve assumes the same number of people eventually get infected, but over a longer period. Germany is one European country that’s managing to flatten the curve. On 23 March, public health chief Prof. Dr Lothar Wieler told ‘Reuters’ that the infection curve could be flattening off because of measures already having a positive effect. Germany is behind only Italy and Spain in total COVID-19 cases in Europe. Buying time. Recently, the World Health Organization (WHO) has been stressing the importance of flattening the curve. “WHO continues to call on all countries to implement a comprehensive approach, with the aim of slowing down transmission and flattening the curve,” said Director-General Dr Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus at a media briefing on 18 March. “This approach is saving lives and buying time for the development of vaccines and treatments.” “If you don’t have as many cases coming to the hospitals and clinics at once, it can actually lower the number of total deaths from the virus and from other causes,” Dr Markel continued in the blog. “And, importantly, it buys us time for university and government scientists, and industry, to create new therapies, medications and potentially a vaccine.”  “Coronavirus is a socially transmitted disease, and we all have a social contract to stop it,” concluded Dr Markel. “What binds us is a microbe – but it also has the power to separate us. We’re a very small community, whether we acknowledge it or not, and this proves it. The time to act like a community is now.”|1
Hot peppers in your food, though very tasty, cannot prevent or cure COVID-19. The best way to protect yourself against the new coronavirus is to keep at least 1 metre away from others and to wash your hands frequently and thoroughly. It is also beneficial for your general health to maintain a balanced diet, stay well hydrated, exercise regularly and sleep well.|1
The European Commission is coordinating a common European response  to the Coronavirus outbreak. We are taking resolute action to reinforce our public health sectors and mitigate the socio-economic impact in the European Union. We are mobilising all means at our disposal to help our Member States coordinate their national responses and are providing objective information about the spread of the virus and effective efforts to contain it. President von der Leyen has established a Coronavirus response team at political level to coordinate our response to the pandemicDuring these times of crisis, across the European Union, countries, regions and cities are stretching out a helping hand to neighbours and assistance is given to those most in need: donations of protective equipment such as masks, cross-border treatments of ill patients and bringing stranded citizens home. This is European solidarity at its best.|1
Amid a pandemic panic over the coronavirus, evidence for a possibly effective treatment has been denounced as ‘fake news’ – even when offered by a renowned scientist with decades of experience.Take Didier Raoult, a French microbiologist with undeniable expertise, even if some of his views are about as eccentric as his appearance. Though he may look like he just stepped out of an Alexandre Dumas novel, the director of the Mediterranean University Hospital Institute in Marseille cited not one but three different studies from China showing that the anti-malaria drug called chloroquine has been effective in treating Covid-19 patients. That did not stop Le Monde, France’s biggest newspaper, of declaring his February 25 video as “partially false.” Raoult’s 'sin' was to argue that the common anti-malaria drug used widely for decades resulted in “dramatic improvements” among those afflicted by the virus.As a result of Le Monde’s fact-check, anyone attempting to share Dr. Raoult’s videos on Facebook gets a banner saying the information therein was “partially false” as “determined by independent fact-checkers.” The main argument put forward by those critical of the drug is that more testing is required before it can be officially approved as treatment for the coronavirus. As the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) puts it, “There are no currently available data from Randomized Clinical Trials…to inform clinical guidance on the use, dosing, or duration of hydroxychloroquine” treatments for Covid-19.Which is fair enough, but last time I checked, there was a pandemic going on, with billions of people locked in their homes and all business grinding to a halt across the globe, over apocalyptic predictions of hospitals brimming with corpses due to this coronavirus.Should any kind of treatment – especially a drug that has been used safely for decades to treat something else, with side effects meticulously documented – be so cavalierly rejected, under the circumstances? Do “experts” really think the world has the luxury of waiting for months or even years for their controlled lab studies?As for the fact-checkers, shouldn’t they have applied the same rigor to the models used to scare everyone into hoarding toilet paper and setting off a depression orders of magnitude worse than anything the world has ever seen?To ask these questions is to answer them, yet no one seems to bother. Nor is this sort of selective blindness endemic to France; across the Atlantic, the mainstream media raised their voices in unison against chloroquine after US President Donald Trump brought it up as a possible treatment – apparently referring to Dr. Raoult’s work. They went so far as to widely circulate a deliberately misleading story about an Arizona couple that ate fish tank cleaner – chloroquine phosphate, clearly labeled not for human consumption – as somehow Trump’s fault. Some of them quietly amended it to specify the difference, but long after the original story – implying they took the actual medication praised by the president – literally went viral and poisoned the minds of millions. Worse yet, as a result of this media blitz, the governor of Nevada actually banned using chloroquine to treat Covid-19 patients this week, saying there was “no consensus among experts or Nevada doctors” that the anti-malaria drug can treat coronavirus sufferers. There were no angry editorials denouncing Steve Sisolak, a Democrat, for letting people die or the coronavirus rather than have them treated with a drug endorsed by the Republican president and the media’s favorite hate object.One would think the world paralyzed with fear of the invisible death would pounce on every possible solution, no matter how unlikely it seems. That’s what we’re shown in Hollywood disaster movies, after all. Yet when such a solution presents itself, it is dismissed and denounced as “not proven”! We’re supposed to blindly trust apocalyptic models produced by panic-mongering political hacks, but ignore the man who says the drug brought him back from the brink of death, even though his story can be easily verified and theirs cannot. “Preferring opinions to facts is a disease,” Dr. Raoult told the French magazine Marianne last week. Just so.I don’t know if hydroxychloroquine works on Covid-19. Dr. Raoult seems to believe so, and he’s not alone. In the absence of better solutions – and locking billions of people in their homes indefinitely is not one – don’t we owe humanity to at least try? What do we have to lose? In the three months or so since the coronavirus first appeared in China, there has been a lot of conflicting, confusing and outright false information about it. One thing that has consistently proven true, however, is that the biggest obstacle in effectively battling its spread and treating the afflicted has been the obtuse insistence of the political and medical establishment on blindly following their rules. If the virus is truly threatening to kill millions, as they say, they would not value procedures over saving lives. Nevertheless, they persist. It makes one wonder why.|0
After the first case of covid-19, the disease caused by the new strain of coronavirus, was announced in the United States, reports of further infections trickled in slowly. Two months later, that trickle has turned into a steady current.This so-called exponential curve has experts worried. If the number of cases were to continue to double every three days, there would be about a hundred million cases in the United States by May.That is math, not prophecy. The spread can be slowed, public health professionals say, if people practice “social distancing” by avoiding public spaces and generally limiting their movement.Still, without any measures to slow it down, covid-19 will continue to spread exponentially for months. To understand why, it is instructive to simulate the spread of a fake disease through a population.We will call our fake disease simulitis. It spreads even more easily than covid-19: whenever a healthy person comes into contact with a sick person, the healthy person becomes sick, too.In a population of just five people, it did not take long for everyone to catch simulitis.In real life, of course, people eventually recover. A recovered person can neither transmit simulitis to a healthy person nor become sick again after coming in contact with a sick person.Let’s see what happens when simulitis spreads in a town of 200 people. We will start everyone in town at a random position, moving at a random angle, and we will make one person sick.Notice how the slope of the red curve, which represents the number of sick people, rises rapidly as the disease spreads and then tapers off as people recover.Our simulation town is small — about the size of Whittier, Alaska — so simulitis was able to spread quickly across the entire population. In a country like the United States, with its 330 million people, the curve could steepen for a long time before it started to slow.When it comes to the real covid-19, we would prefer to slow the spread of the virus before it infects a large portion of the U.S. population. To slow simulitis, let’s try to create a forced quarantine, such as the one the Chinese government imposed on Hubei province, covid-19’s ground zero.Whoops! As health experts would expect, it proved impossible to completely seal off the sick population from the healthy.Leana Wen, the former health commissioner for the city of Baltimore, explained the impracticalities of forced quarantines to The Washington Post in January. “Many people work in the city and live in neighboring counties, and vice versa,“ Wen said. “Would people be separated from their families? How would every road be blocked? How would supplies reach residents?”As Lawrence O. Gostin, a professor of global health law at Georgetown University, put it: “The truth is those kinds of lockdowns are very rare and never effective.”Fortunately, there are other ways to slow an outbreak. Above all, health officials have encouraged people to avoid public gatherings, to stay home more often and to keep their distance from others. If people are less mobile and interact with each other less, the virus has fewer opportunities to spread.Some people will still go out. Maybe they cannot stay home because of their work or other obligations, or maybe they simply refuse to heed public health warnings. Those people are not only more likely to get sick themselves, they are more likely to spread simulitis, too.Let’s see what happens when a quarter of our population continues to move around while the other three quarters adopt a strategy of what health experts call “social distancing.”More social distancing keeps even more people healthy, and people can be nudged away from public places by removing their allure.“We control the desire to be in public spaces by closing down public spaces. Italy is closing all of its restaurants. China is closing everything, and we are closing things now, too,” said Drew Harris, a population health researcher and assistant professor at The Thomas Jefferson University College of Public Health. “Reducing the opportunities for gathering helps folks social distance.”To simulate more social distancing, instead of allowing a quarter of the population to move, we will see what happens when we let just one of every eight people move.The four simulations you just watched — a free-for-all, an attempted quarantine, moderate social distancing and extensive social distancing — were random. That means the results of each one were unique to your reading of this article; if you scroll up and rerun the simulations, or if you revisit this page later, your results will change.Even with different results, moderate social distancing will usually outperform the attempted quarantine, and extensive social distancing usually works best of all. Below is a comparison of your results.Simulitis is not covid-19, and these simulations vastly oversimplify the complexity of real life. Yet just as simulitis spread through the networks of bouncing balls on your screen, covid-19 is spreading through our human networks — through our countries, our towns, our workplaces, our families. And, like a ball bouncing across the screen, a single person’s behavior can cause ripple effects that touch faraway people.In one crucial respect, though, these simulations are nothing like reality: Unlike simulitis, covid-19 can kill. Though the fatality rate is not precisely known, it is clear that the elderly members of our community are most at risk of dying from covid-19.“If you want this to be more realistic,” Harris said after seeing a preview of this story, “some of the dots should disappear.”|1
Just in case you're wondering how much the media controls people, America has been vaccinating cattle for coronavirus for years, yet the news tells you its new and gunna kill you all so go buy mask|0
The word pandemic literally means “all people” in Greek. But clearly not all people become sick even in the worst pandemics. Epidemiologists typically mean an infectious disease epidemic that has spread or is spreading globally.Usually we refer to a pandemic only when it involves a new disease. So, for example, we talk about an influenza pandemic when there is a new strain of flu spreading around the world. In contrast, we do not refer to the global outbreak of seasonal influenza as a pandemic because the strains are not new.There is no strict definition of when an epidemic becomes a pandemic—but usually it means that the disease is actively spreading on several continents with likely continued spread to other continents.|1
A left wing Harvard professor was charged this month with spying for the Chinese Government. Charles Lieber taught at Harvard University in Boston. he was arrested and after being arraigned in Boston federal court, released on $1 million bail. His arrest is a result of his dealings with the Chinese government.He has not explicitly been charged with espionage yet. But he has been charged with lying to federal department of defense investigators on his dealings with the Chinese Government.lieber was the chairman of Harvard’s chemistry department, so his arrest has sent shockwaves through the academic community. Lieber received secret payments of $50,000 a month, plus bonuses, to help China setup a chemical research lab in Wuhan, China. Wuhan is where the new coronavirus plague began. The Harvard-WUT Nano Key Lab was established by Lieber in Wuhan. In April, 2018 he was approached by FBI investigators who asked him about the Wuhan research lab. He said he was unfamiliar with it, and had never been asked for anything by the Chinese government. This was a lie though, and he now faces federal charges. Wuhan is ironically where the coronvirus broke out at. It’s now infected over 75,000 people worldwide. Israeli intelligence officials came out publicly to accuse China of biologically creating the virus.Virus outbreak grows. The Coronavirus continues to spread, and it seems now that containing it is not an option. There’s a number of reasons for this. The virus has a long incubation period. It’s being found out now that many people can go infected without even realizing it for a number of days or weeks. The virus also seems to stay with people or come back even after someone has been infected. Because of this, people an walk around infecting others without even realizing it for weeks. The other problem is that it is apparently highly contagious. It doesn’t take much contact to get someone infected. People are becoming sick in places where they don’t even have a record of coming in contact with an infected.It’s been speculated that the Coronavirus was created at a lab in Wuhan. Ironically, China’s only biological research lab for handling weaponized viruses is in Wuhan, China. Recently a professor from the United States who specializes is viral research was charged by the federal government with lying about his work at the laboratory. All signs point to a fact that says the virus was man made.It’s also been exposed in media that the lab there in Wuhan has gotten in trouble before for selling animals that had been experimented on to local markets. An illegal way to make extra cash. Regardless if this is the cause of the outbreak or not, this shows the security lapses at the facility. The virus will not cause mass death. But it will cause mass economic hardship. Putting large numbers of people out of work will have crippling effects on the economy. And this may have been the intended effect all along.Bernie wants to remove the healthcare system defeating Coronavirus. America is in the middle of an important election this year. And the stakes have turned deadly. We’re faced with a possible pandemic, not see on earth in over a century. And we need strong leadership to face it.Bernie is looking to be the nominee for the Democrats. Him being President would be disastrous. Senator Sanders spent a good portion of his life as what some may call a loser. Could not keep a job, could never pay rent, always had his utilities turned off. And this was during the 60s and 70s when things were much more affordable. In fact, he lived his life as a revolutionary drifter up until 39. Then he found a way to get paid for being lazy. It was as Mayor of Burlington.Since then, Bernie has been both a Burlington mayor and a vermont Senator. He hasn’t done anything but vocally voice support for communist dictators in the 80s and 90s..he also visited the Soviet Union where he was recorded singing communist songs naked and drunk. Since then, Bernie has been both a Burlington mayor and a vermont Senator. He hasn’t done anything but vocally voice support for communist dictators in the 80s and 90s..he also visited the Soviet Union where he was recorded singing communist songs naked and drunk.Bernie doesn’t have the skills to manage the government during a viral pandemic. He can’t even answer basic questions on how he’s going to pay for all the free programs he wants the government to do. How is he supposed to handle a crisis like this? And on top of it, he wants to take away America’s private healthcare in the middle of an outbreak. So far, American healthcare is vastly outperforming the universal socialist healthcare systems Bernie wants to implement. In Iran and Italy, both countries with Socialist healthcare, fatality rates are the highest in the world now, at 11%. Italy is at 3%, much lower than Iran, but still high. Meanwhile in the United States, the mortality rate is 0%. Every person in the US sick with Coronavirus has made a full recovery. So why would Bernie want to take this healthcare away? Sanders was never taken serious until the past two or three weeks. Now he’s being seen as the front runner for the Democrats and potential nominee. Time will tell if he’ll actually be it. But if he is, then America will have to decide if it wants to take such a deadly risk in electing him. liberal media contributes to panic. Across the globe, the media spreads panic about the Coronavirus. But it’s fatality rate is small. If you are already healthy, your chances of dying are slim to none. And for the United States, we’re leading the globe in recovery. While other countries struggle to contain the virus and treat infected, the US already has a whopping 100% recovery rate. Meanwhile, countries with socialist healthcare systems are facing brutal fatality rates, like those in Iran and Italy.And for treatment, while the rest of the world panics and prepares for quarantine, in the United States there’s already been multiple vaccines developed.Here’s the latest statistics on the virus as it spreads.total infected- 83,379. total recovered- 36,525.recovery rate- 93%. active cases- 43,996, serious cases- 8099. expected to recover- 35,897. total dead- 2,835. Total fatality rate in children under 9- 0%. total fatality rate in those over 80- 14%. 10.5% fatality rate if patient has cardiovascular disease. 7.3% for diabetes. 6.3% for chronic respiratory disease. 6% for hypertension. 5.6% for cancer. 0% fatality rate if the patient is in the United States.2-4% if in China.Overall outside of china, the fatality rate is 0.7%.|0
The development of vaccines and drugs for COVID-19 share common goals: to ensure safety and efficacy. These are often assessed through a series of studies, sometimes beginning with animal experiments, progressing through human phase 1, 2 and 3 clinical trials with increasing numbers of participants. However, it often takes much longer to develop and rigorously assess a vaccine. First, vaccines are usually targeted to healthy people, in contrast to drugs administered to people with disease. Larger and longer studies are often needed to ensure the safety of vaccines. Second, the outcomes of interest often take much longer to be measured. Vaccine efficacy and immunogenicity can take many months to measure accurately, whereas whether or not a treated patient improves can take days. And some vaccines require multiple doses spread out over months whereas drug treatment regimens typically are days to weeks. Once developed, it can also take longer to manufacture and deploy vaccines.|1
Over the past two weeks, everyone has been talking about a small study conducted ​in France. The study, which was led by renowned  Dr. Didier Raoult which showed that 100% of patients that received a combination of HCQ and Azithromycin tested negative and were virologically cured within 6 days of treatment. But several scientists and researchers were quick to cast doubt upon his findings because the testing was not carried out in a controlled study and that the results were purely “observational.”Now for the first time, results of randomized clinical trial show hydroxychloroquine helps coronavirus patients improve, according to research paper posted at medRxiv. According to a new report from NY Times, the malaria drug hydroxychloroquine has helped to speed the recovery of a small number of patients who were mildly ill from the coronavirus. The report was based on the results of a randomized clinical trial posted at medRxiv, an online server for medical articles, before undergoing peer review by other researchers. The study was small and limited to patients who were mildly or moderately ill, not severe cases. By the way, this is the same NY Times that said about a week ago that: “No, These Medicines Cannot Cure Coronavirus”. According to the report, “cough, fever and pneumonia went away faster, and the disease seemed less likely to turn severe in people who received hydroxychloroquine than in a comparison group not given the drug. The authors of the report said that the medication was promising, but that more research was needed to clarify how it might work in treating coronavirus disease and to determine the best way to use it.”This study, which was supported by the Epidemiological Study of COVID-19 Pneumonia to Science and Technology Department of Hubei Province, aims to evaluate the efficacy of hydroxychloroquine (HCQ) in the treatment of patients with COVID-19.“From February 4 to February 28, 2020, 62 patients suffering from COVID-19 were diagnosed and admitted to Renmin Hospital of Wuhan University. All participants were randomized in a parallel-group trial, 31 patients were assigned to receive an additional 5-day HCQ (400 mg/d) treatment, Time to clinical recovery (TTCR), clinical characteristics, and radiological results were assessed at baseline and 5 days after treatment to evaluate the effect of HCQ. Key findings: For the 62 COVID-19 patients, 46.8% (29 of 62) were male and 53.2% (33 of 62) were female, the mean age was 44.7 (15.3) years,” the doctors said.In conclusion, the doctors said: “Despite our small number of cases, the potential of HCQ in the treatment of COVID-19 has been partially confirmed. Considering that there is no better option at present, it is a promising practice to apply HCQ to COVID-19 under reasonable management. However, Large-scale clinical and basic research is still needed to clarify its specific mechanism and to continuously optimize the treatment plan.”“It’s going to send a ripple of excitement out through the treating community,” said Dr. William Schaffner, an infectious disease expert at Vanderbilt University.On March 21, U.S. President Donald Trump tweeted about the wonder drug hydroxychloroquine. At the time, he was ridiculed by mainstream media with some went as far as saying the President was giving “false hope” or “misinformation.”Now, the success and effectiveness of hydroxychloroquine as treatment for coronavirus patient can no longer be ignored by the mainstream media.|0
Early reports from China and France suggested that patients with severe symptoms of COVID-19 improved more quickly when given chloroquine or hydroxychloroquine. Some doctors were using a combination of hydroxychloroquine and azithromycin with some positive effects.Hydroxychloroquine and chloroquine are primarily used to treat malaria and several inflammatory diseases, including lupus and rheumatoid arthritis. Azithromycin is a commonly prescribed antibiotic for strep throat and bacterial pneumonia. Both drugs are inexpensive and readily available.Hydroxychloroquine and chloroquine have been shown to kill the COVID-19 virus in the laboratory dish. The drugs appear to work through two mechanisms. First, they make it harder for the virus to attach itself to the cell, inhibiting the virus from entering the cell and multiplying within it. Second, if the virus does manage to get inside the cell, the drugs kill it before it can multiply.Azithromycin is never used for viral infections. However, this antibiotic does have some anti-inflammatory action. There has been speculation, though never proven, that azithromycin may help to dampen an overactive immune response to the COVID-19 infection.However, the most recent human studies suggest no benefit — and possibly a higher risk of death due to lethal heart rhythm abnormalities — with both hydroxychloroquine and azithromycin used alone. The drugs are especially dangerous when used in combination.Based on these new reports, the FDA now formally recommends against taking chloroquine or hydroxychloroquine for COVID-19 infection unless it is being prescribed in the hospital or as part of a clinical trial. Three days earlier a National Institutes of Health (NIH) panel released a similar strong statement advising against the use of the combination of hydroxychloroquine and azithromycin.|1
CDC warns that Morchella, the true Morel mushroom, could increase your chances contracting Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) by 200%. If you all a loved one finds these growing this spring, please do not disturb them. Report all sightings to me and I will dispose of the properly. |0
Long-time listeners of conservative talk radio legend Rush Limbaugh know that he doesn’t deal in tinfoil hat conspiracy theories, so when he offers what might seem as a ‘non-linear’ or non-traditional take on an issue of the day, it’s head-turning.Most Americans may not have given the Wuhan coronavirus much thought before this week — before the virus hit American shores. But some of those who have been tracking the outbreak since December, when it first appeared in China, have wondered whether it could have been some sort of biological weapon that the People’s Liberation Army was developing.And earlier this week, Limbaugh echoed similar sentiments.“It’s a respiratory system virus. It probably is a ChiCom laboratory experiment that is in the process of being weaponized. All superpower nations weaponize bioweapons. They experiment with them. The Russians, for example, have weaponized fentanyl,” he said. But in any event, his comments about it being a potential bioweapon are not the first. Sen. Tom Cotton (R-Ark.), thinks so too, and for that he is being mocked by the very same mainstream media that lied about the “Trump-Russia collusion” hoax for nearly three years.Specifically, Cotton suggested that the virus originated in China’s only BioLevel 4 research facility — which just happens to be in Wuhan City, the epicenter of the outbreak. And furthermore, Cotton has never said there is 100 percent proof the virus is a bioweapon.Failing to ask this question is the real conspiracy. “We don’t have evidence that this disease originated there,” he said during a recent interview on Fox News, the New York Times reported, “but because of China’s duplicity and dishonesty from the beginning, we need to at least ask the question to see what the evidence says, and China right now is not giving evidence on that question at all.”Mind you, Cotton is a Harvard-educated lawyer and U.S. Army infantry officer with combat experience. He’s not a kook, he’s not a conspiracy theorist, and he’s not some wild-eyed lunatic. The Times jeered: Mr. Cotton later walked back the idea that the coronavirus was a Chinese bioweapon run amok. But it is the sort of tale that resonates with an expanding chorus of voices in Washington who see China as a growing Soviet-level threat to the United States, echoing the anti-Communist thinking of the Cold War era. Right-wing media outlets fan the anger.This, from a newspaper that, again, ‘fanned’ the BS hoax that Moscow and Donald Trump “colluded to steal the election from Hillary Clinton” — for two-plus years. And it was the same paper that repeatedly told readers former special counsel Robert Mueller ‘had proof’ of that hoax — when at the end of his probe, his report said specifically that there was “no evidence” to support the claim.What’s really interesting here is that “mainstream media” outlets like the Times, CNN, The Washington Post, USA Today and others make wild claims about President Trump, and members of his administration, based on less empirical evidence. At least in the case of Cotton and Limbaugh, there is enough circumstantial evidence to warrant suspicions and ask the question: Did the novel coronavirus (as in, this is the first time its been seen) originate from the only lab in China capable of dealing with/handling this type of biohazard? The people who dismiss the question out of hand are the real conspirators.|0
HERE'S THE TRUTH BEHIND THE WUHAN VIRUS:Bill Gates & Barack Obama released a docuseries on Netflix called PANDEMIC in December right before the Wuhan virus was "discovered."The docuseries pushed the need for the Gates Foundation to receive funding to carry on virus research to prevent the next PANDEMIC!Bill Gates funded the Wuhan lab in China that released the Wuhan virus and is already selling test kits. Coincidence? Bill Gates was a member of China's Academy of Sciences who built the lab and he was awarded their highest honor.The Wuhan virus was originally developed by Chinese scientists at the University of North Carolina by NIH grants approved by the Obama administration in 2012. To study the 2003 SARS coronavirus in a lab, NIH scientists developed a man-made version using BAT DNA. That's what the Communists unleashed. ab scientists developed a man-made version.The NIH defunded the "dangerous" UNC research because of the proven human-to-human transmission, so the Communist Chinese scientists left UNC and took their work to the NEWLY BUILT Wuhan lab in 2017 - funded by Gates, NIH & pals.The head of the Harvard Chemistry & Biology department, Charles Lieber, with ties to Gates & Epstein, was arrested for accepting bribes from the Communists. Did Epstein know what was coming?What was Charles Lieber's expertise? He invented a virus-sized transistor that could enter a human cell without harming it and be controlled remotely. Not kidding. The Pirbright Institute, funded by Bill Gates, owns the "patent" on Coronavirus genetic sequencing. They did simulation testing on a global PANDEMIC in 2019.The first case of Wuhan virus was reported in China on November 17th. Communists didn't inform the CDC until January 11th. WHO & Communist China said it wasn't spread by humans until January 21st. Cover up. How does the Wuhan virus spread and how does your body fight it?Bill Gates & Barack Obama docuseries marketed the need for a global "universal" vaccine to replace all other flu vaccines. I believe it will be used to deliver a human chip via nanotechnology designed to be monitored and controlled by Huawei's 5G network.17,000 Americans in the US died of H1N1 flu from Mexico under Obama in 2009, many of them children, because he waited 6 months to do anything & never closed the border. Obama depleted America's critical medical supplies in 2009 and never restocked. The media said nothing about the 61 million who were infected in Obama's H1N1 crisis, but is creating a huge panic for Trump around US deaths from the Wuhan virus to destroy the US economy before the election. They tried to do the same thing with SARS under Bush in 2003.Know why the Commies unleashed the SWINE FLU virus in 2009 to infect 61 million & kill 17,000? To convince the US to pass OBAMACARE! Thousands of people in the US have died from the common flu this year and the media says NOTHING about that - but is creating a huge panic around US deaths from the Wuhan virus.DR DREW: "A bad flu season is 80,000 dead. Which should you be worried about, influenza or Corona? It's not a trick question. What I have a problem with is the panic and the fact that businesses are getting destroyed and people's lives are getting upended. Not by the virus, but by the panic. The panic must stop, and the press they really need to be held accountable, because they are hurting people."Dozens out of the total US deaths from the Wuhan virus have come from ONE nursing home in Kirkland, Washington - the home state of Bill Gates where it all started.Half the staff at that nursing home were infected with Wuhan virus. They appear to be the carriers. The nursing home draws employees from a large Chinese population across the border in Canada. I believe Gates placed carriers in vulnerable locations for the narrative and funding.Other deaths around the country occurred in nursing facilities owned by the same company who owns the Kirkland facility! Half the deaths around the world occurred in nursing homes! Right after the first deaths were reported in Bill Gates backyard, the Never Trump Governor declared a national emergency & Congress approved over $8 billion - even though Trump asked for only a quarter of that. Much of the funding will flow to Gates' global "research" partners.Suddenly Bill Gates says his "foundation" will offer in-home testing kits where you swab your nose with a Q-Tip and send it to his labs. How convenient and timely! I think Gates developed the home-testing kits in order to secure access to all our DNA!Communist China tried to STEAL a patent from a US company that manufactured a treatment right AFTER they announced the virus to the world. Gilead's drug is under clinical trials. The same treatments, tests & blood plasma used on SARS patients in 2003 & MERS patients in 2013 work on Wuhan patients. They are all related viruses. They don't want you to know that. Fauci is covering that up. Why? Because he's working with Gates on a "vaccine."90% of those who tested positive on the Princess Cruise ship were CREW MEMBERS. Meaning the crews are carriers and are infecting passengers. Who put them there?The virus started in South Korea because the leaders of a "doomsday" cult went to Wuhan, China and went back and infected 8,000 of their members. Who paid them to do that? South Korean President Moon Jae-in allowed 5 million Chinese to enter the country after the initial outbreak!In Italy, the virus started in a hospital filled with sick elderly people in a small town in northern Italy -- spread by a 38-year old carrier from Wuhan, who recovered. Who put him there? Over 100,000 Chinese migrants from Wuhan own & work in the textile/leather industry in Northern Italy. In 2019, Italy and Communist China signed an agreement to jointly promote China's Belt & Road Initiative. Partners in Wuhan Virus! Italy admits they are coding ALL deaths to Wuhan and letting the elderly die.ER doctors say socialized medicine is so bad in Italy that people avoid clinics and go straight to the hospital where they are housed with the elderly & sick - that's why the virus spread so fast. Under Italy's socialist healthcare, if you're 80+, you can be denied treatment & coverage and left to die. Now you know why so many elderly are dying in Europe.Iran's leaders suddenly became infected after Iran's foreign leader met with John Kerry in Munich and laughed about the Wuhan virus on camera. Almost like he was told to go home, create panic and spread the virus. Why? To try to force Trump to drop sanctions. Iran – like Italy, a partner in China’s Belt and Road initiative – continued flights between Iran and China. The first outbreak was in the city of Qom where most of the Chinese projects are set up. WHO: 4 countries with economic & political ties (Communist China, South Korea, Italy, Iran) facilitated virus spread around the globe. Italy, Iran, South Korea & China, home to 90% of virus cases, are ALL partners in the Communist Party's One Belt, One Road scheme!All those videos out of Communist China of people dying on the streets and thrashing bodies on gurnies from the virus - what did they really die from? Is Huawei's 5G network delivering something nefarious to accelerate a coronavirus' ability to suffocate people?Thousands of people from Wuhan China have protested against the Communist Party's plans to build an organic waste "incinerator" plant in their city. They are silent now! What did they really want the incinerator for?Real videos show Hong Kong freedom fighters being rounded up in handcuffs and sent off to the "hospital" where it's likely their organs are harvested and they are cremated.Real videos show elderly people in Communist China trapped in buildings and left to die with no food.Real videos show that Communist China installed major NEW surveillance cameras and technology to monitor people on the street & in their offices since the virus was released.Real videos show the Chinese people yelling "IT'S ALL FAKE" from high rises as the Communists pretend to care for them on the streets below.The Chinese are now being forced to use an app which tells them when they can come and go and tracks their every move. How did the Communists suddenly develop this technology in a month? This was part of the plan and put in place while they were under "quarantine."After Trump closed travel from Communist China in January, the Chinese blamed the US and threatened to hold back our pharmaceuticals unless we opened travel back up again. They didn't expect him to do that - that thwarted their plans to seed the US with more cases.I believe the virus is no more dangerous than the common flu - for healthy people - but has been engineered to be highly infectious and impact the elderly & sick. Thankfully, it is NOT widely affecting children & young adults like pandemic flu does.Two Stanford doctors believe that the COMMON flu is 10 times more deadly than Wuhan virus.  Stanford doctors.I believe the virus was unleashed by the Communist Party to scare the Chinese people back into their homes and stop the Hong Kong & Taiwanese pro-freedom protests.I believe the virus was unleashed by the Communists to crash the US economy & drive people away from Trump rallies. So far, they've lied about everything!I believe the virus was unleashed to help the Communists round up dissidents, assert global control and to cull the elderly and weak.I believe the virus was unleashed to scare the American people into accepting SOCIALIZED medicine and total vote-by-mail. ALL respiratory viral outbreaks peak in March and end in April. I believe this one too.The SARS Coronavirus panic dropped the market 20% in March 2003, under Bush, and it came roaring back even higher by July. In other words, they've done this before to a Republican administration before an election.Wuhan virus is impacting less than 1% of the population in areas of "high" infection: China (.12%) S. Korea (.21%) Italy (.037%) - although the fake news media makes it sounds like 50% of the population is sick. Why are so many leaders testing positive for Wuhan Virus? Because Communist China brought the scheme to Davos in January!The fake news reported that Brazil's conservative President, Bolsonaro, tested positive for Wuhan virus. His son says that's a LIE. SOUTH KOREA FACTS: Of 179,160 tests completed, 96% tested negative, 4% positive. 51 people died or .69% of confirmed cases.Now the fake news is trying to distance Wuhan from the virus -- and so is Communist China. That means we're right over the target.The New York Times is calling people "racist" for using the term "Wuhan Virus." I guess they forgot that's what they used to call it before their masters in the Communist Party told them not to!Suddenly the liberal Governor of New York says the State will start selling their own brand of hand sanitizer made by prison inmates! How long was that in the works?Did you know WHO says 67% of ALL people under 50 in the WORLD are infected with HSV-1 (herpes) virus? Many NEVER show symptoms. Think about that. Are we permanently quarantined for herpes virus? NO.Democrats hope to hype the Wuhan virus for months to destroy the economy, bring down the market, shut down Trump rallies, gatherings, debates, the conventions & force ALL voting by mail or phone! They basically said that tonight on MSNBC & CNN. Democrats are masters at rigging absentee ballots!UPDATE 3/12/20: I heard a few things today from sources I trust I thought you should know:South Korea has already tested 200,000 people and is testing 20,000 people per day and finding a fatality rate of less than .7% - which I trust.The reason Trump shut down travel from the EU is because the newest Wuhan virus cases in America are from travelers who have visited the EU. The EU has NOT been shutting down its borders to Communist China like we have since 1/31 - in fact the EU is under siege by millions of migrants from who knows where clamoring to invade Greece & Italy.The majority of people who are dying from the Wuhan virus are 80+ with underlying conditions such as emphysema, heart disease or cancer. Young & healthy people have a very low risk - but they CAN transmit it to their elderly parents & grandparents. So, be vigilant. The average age of those who succumb to the Wuhan virus has been confirmed at 81 years old.  Many deaths in Communist China appear to come from elderly residents in Hubei province who received NO care at all and were left to fend for themselves. The reason the Wuhan Virus impacts the elderly & vulnerable is simply because their immune systems are not as strong. Many cases in Communist China were actually infected healthcare workers who were not properly safeguarded from patients and ended up re-infecting more patients. China told their healthcare workers there was no contagion problem for weeks, when there was.The same is true in Washington State & California - nursing home employees & cruise ship crew members are spreading the virus to people - not the other way around.As I mentioned many times, historically, Coronavirus outbreaks PEAK in March and start to die out by the end of April. Coronaviruses like cooler drier weather. A second round can start up again in October after a summer hiatus. Of those tested who were positive for ANY respiratory virus, ONLY 2% tested positive for Wuhan. Meaning 98% have the common flu.In order to STOP THE SPREAD in America, during the peak transmission months of March & April, President Trump ASKED businesses, sports teams and major events to suspend activity for 8 weeks to reduce transmission during this peak time. Makes perfect sense to stop it in its tracks and lower the bell curve. What if the shutdown is NOT about Wuhan Virus at all? The bright side of the panic is that liberals are suddenly wanting to buy guns, close borders, build walls, honor elders, cut taxes, stop human trafficking and vaccinate their children.|0
While some UV light devices are used for hospital disinfection, UV light only kills germs under very specific conditions — including certain irradiation dosages and exposure times, the World Health Organization said.But UV light can also damage the body.Two factors are required for UV light to destroy a virus: intensity and time. If the light is intense enough to break apart a virus in a short time, it’s going to be dangerous to people, said Donald Milton, a professor at the University of Maryland.UVA and UVB light both damage the skin. UVC light is safer for skin, but it will damage tender tissue such as the eyes.And don’t be fooled by claims that hot weather will kill coronavirus.“You can catch COVID-19 no matter how sunny or hot the weather is,” the WHO said. “Countries with hot weather have reported cases of COVID-19.”|1
Bill Gates either predicted or planned the coronavirus outbreak. So they knew!!!Watch out for Big Pharma. Ok this is scary. Looks like someone or some corporations knew this would happen. Coincidence?? I’ll let you guys decide,|0
Currently there is no specific antiviral treatment for COVID-19. However, similar to treatment of any viral infection, these measures can help:While you don't need to stay in bed, you should get plenty of rest.Stay well hydrated.To reduce fever and ease aches and pains, take acetaminophen. Be sure to follow directions. If you are taking any combination cold or flu medicine, keep track of all the ingredients and the doses. For acetaminophen, the total daily dose from all products should not exceed 3,000 milligrams.|1
Coronavirus is spreading to more and more countries and leaving an increasing number of deaths in its wake. It is about time experts and the common men asked legitimate questions: “Where did this deadly virus come from, in what laboratories was it created, and who is behind the pandemic?”. We will try to answer them as objectively as possible. The first country where the novel coronavirus was detected and that actively began to stop its spread was China. When residents of the city of Wuhan began to get infected and die, the Chinese authorities warned the global community about the danger and started its full-on battle against the virus. Many nations in the world immediately offered to help China and quickly began working on the cure for COVID-19. But what did the current U.S. administration do in the wake of the outbreak? Some U.S. media outlets started accusing China of unleashing the virus. A number of articles followed pointing to China as the origin of the virus. The author was left with the impression that either these journalists had witnessed its creation or they had been carefully instructed as to what to write. A seafood market in Wuhan was also mentioned as the source of the virus. There were also stories suggesting that the unexpected appearance of the novel coronavirus hinted at it being man-made, and that people could have used the theory the virus had come from animals to hide the true nature of its origins. People who think they are intelligent and astute know for sure that only thieves and fraudsters make the biggest noise as they flee from those who they have stolen from or deceived. And this is exactly what some U.S. conspiracy theorists did, out of sheer stupidity, as they do not care about being objective and, instead, only strive for publicity and wider reach. Then, in the author’s opinion, more serious analytical articles were published insinuating that the new virus was created by biologists from the military and originated in U.S. laboratories. In short, they said that as a result of experiments, the coronavirus genome appeared to contain “HIV virus-like insertions”. According to the biologists responsible for the research, the virus was not a product of evolution or mutation even theoretically speaking. Hence, they concluded it could have been man-made. Dr. Eric Feigl-Ding also addressed this issue by posting: “I am absolutely not saying it’s bioengineering nor am I supporting any conspiracy theories with no evidence. I’m simply saying scientists need to do more research + get more data. And finding the origin of the virus is an important research priority”. A professor of Molecular Biology in New Delhi’s Jawaharlal Nehru University, Anand Ranganathan, and his colleagues published a preprint (which has not been peer-reviewed as yet) about their research on the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV). They discovered a possible link between it and other similar known coronaviruses circulating in animals (such as bats and snakes), and found HIV virus-like insertions in 2019-nCoV. No other well-studied coronaviruses have such a structure. Hence, their research hints at the possibility that the virus was designed and could be used to wage biological warfare. In light of these recent developments, it seems apt to remind our readers that a fierce, take-no-prisoners type of trade war is currently ongoing between the United States and China. And in the midst of this confrontation, as if by a wave of a magic wand, the coronavirus outbreak started in the PRC, which has already caused enormous damage to the Chinese economy and considerably weakened Beijing’s bargaining position at the negotiating table. Even before the coronavirus pandemic, many experts reported that, recently, Washington, in contravention of international law, was actively developing biological weapons in its numerous laboratories located in the United States as well as abroad. Apparently, there are more than 200 U.S. biological laboratories worldwide: in Azerbaijan, Armenia, Georgia, Kazakhstan, Moldova, Uzbekistan and Ukraine. Incidentally, the author has come across articles published by Ukrainian media outlets claiming that local authorities have no oversight of such facilities. It seems that the situation in a number of other countries where U.S. biolabs are located is similar. DTRA (the Defense Threat Reduction Agency), which collaborates with the Richard Lugar Center for Public Health Research in Georgia, is suspected of involvement in an incident that occurred in Chechnya in spring 2017. Locals reported seeing a drone that appeared to be spreading a white powder near Russia’s border with Georgia. Ethnic bioweapons (biogenetic weapons), “is a type of theoretical bioweapon that aims to harm only or primarily people of specific ethnicities or genotypes”. Although there have never been any reports confirming that research on such weapons exists, documents that the author has come across show that the United States is gathering information about certain ethnic groups, first and foremost Russians and the Chinese. After all, Washington has labelled Russia and China as its main rivals recently. The author believes that the U.S. Air Force has been collecting Russian RNA (ribonucleic acid) and sinus tissue samples from a federal initiative. Apparently, information about this can be found in the Federal Procurement Data System. According to Article 8 of the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court biological experiments are deemed as war crimes. However, the United States is not a member of the Court and has a tendency to evade responsibility for war crimes. From the author’s perspective, there is a hidden motive behind the coronavirus pandemic. And as some have already guessed, it is not the Great Plague of the XXI century but a highly contagious disease that appeared at just the right time. In other words, the pandemic is part of a far-reaching disinformation campaign aimed at creating panic and chaos. According to Chinese conspiracy theories, the virus appeared in Wuhan during the Military World Games, which U.S. and British servicemen took part in. The author believes that there were many agents from the CIA and MI6 who could have released the coronavirus at the time thus putting everyone’s lives at risk. Incidentally, the British could have played an important role in this mission as they have already gained similar experience by spreading biological agents from the Porton Down science park near the city of Salisbury. The poisoning of Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia lends further credence to the author’s theory as they managed to survive the ordeal. There are over 400,000 confirmed COVID-19 cases globally, and millions more are worried about the pandemic. What is curious to the author is that not only are the common men in a panic but so are authorities and officials who are preparing to take unprecedented quarantine measures in Russia, China, Iran and other nations that are known to choose their own path. The information war has served as a catalyst to the crisis that could have been smaller in scale but thanks to manipulation of mass consciousness, this is no longer the case. The author thinks that the current disinformation campaign accompanying the coronavirus pandemic is the beginning of the “heist of the century”. As a result of this con, assets and savings of many nations, companies and individuals will end up in the hands of the current oligarchy, more specifically hundreds of the richest and most powerful families.  The substantial portion of global wealth they already own will only increase as the rich always want more. From the author’s point of view, the United States is accustomed to robbing other countries and people of their wealth, and their allies are no exception, take Italy for example.|0
After the coronavirus the only way to prevent Italy from leaving the EU will be to buy it. Is Germany ready to pump tens of billions, possibly trillions into this? If Germany starts saving the EU too enthusiastically, social pressures within the country will lead to the regime change.There is no sense for Germany to remain in the EU as well, it is only beneficial for poor countries. If Italy receives a lot of money from the EU, then it is worth for it to stay it, but is it worth for Germany to drag Italy on its shoulders?|0
“Beginning preparedness activities when an epidemics hits is too late.  Although the US has a relatively strong health system, we need to be better prepared for an epidemic, particularly by strengthening state and local health departments and connections with health care providers and facilities. But we can’t protect ourselves only within our own borders. Our biggest vulnerability is spread in countries with weak health systems – viruses don’t need visas. The US should double down on support for countries in Africa and Asia so the health workers in these countries can find, stop and prevent epidemics. In the US and globally, there are important and simple things we can do that will prevent illness now and also protect against coronavirus: improve hand hygiene (handwashing), cough hygiene (cover coughs), don’t expose others if we’re feeling ill, and improve health care infection control.”|1
Just over three months ago, a “high-level pandemic exercise” entitled “Event 201” was held in New York City.  On October 18th the Johns Hopkins Center for Health Security, in conjunction with the World Economic Forum and the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, brought together “15 leaders of business, government, and public health” to simulate a scenario in which a coronavirus pandemic was ravaging the planet.  The current coronavirus outbreak that originated in China did not begin until December, and so at that time it was supposedly just a hypothetical exercise.  The following comes from the official page for this event.The Johns Hopkins Center for Health Security in partnership with the World Economic Forum and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation hosted Event 201, a high-level pandemic exercise on October 18, 2019, in New York, NY. The exercise illustrated areas where public/private partnerships will be necessary during the response to a severe pandemic in order to diminish large-scale economic and societal consequences.I find it quite interesting that the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation was involved, because they are also financial backers of the institute that was granted a U.S. patent for “an attenuated coronavirus” in November 2018.It appears that the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation has been quite interested in the threat posed by coronaviruses for quite some time.Eric Toner, a researcher at the Johns Hopkins Center for Health Security, spearheaded putting “Event 201” together.  In his scenario, a coronavirus outbreak had begun on Brazil’s pig farms.Toner’s simulation imagined a fictional virus called CAPS. The analysis, part of a collaboration with the World Economic Forum and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, looked at what would happen if a pandemic originated in Brazil’s pig farms.Even though the outbreak was quite limited at first, Toner’s scenario ultimately showed that a coronavirus pandemic could kill 65 million people.The pretend outbreak started small: Farmers began coming down with symptoms that resembled the flu or pneumonia. From there, the virus spread to crowded and impoverished urban neighborhoods in South America.Flights were canceled, and travel bookings dipped by 45%. People disseminated false information on social media.After six months, the virus had spread around the globe. A year later, it had killed 65 million people.Let us certainly hope that this current outbreak does not evolve into that sort of a nightmare.According to Reuters, there are now more than 800 confirmed cases, and the death toll has shot up to 25.China confirmed 830 cases of patients infected with the new coronavirus as of Jan. 23, while the death toll from the virus has risen to 25, the National Health Commission said on Friday.But many are skeptical that the official figures are accurate.  Because the images coming out of Wuhan are extremely alarming.Disturbing images of Wuhan residents dropping unresponsive to the floor have emerged on Instagram following the diseased Chinese city’s coronavirus lockdown.Wuhan has been branded a “zombieland” by frantic locals after Chinese authorities told residents they are not allowed to leave yesterday morning.Pictures from inside the city paint an apocalyptic picture as medics patrol in hazmat suits and gas masks.Over the past 48 hours, numerous videos have been posted on social media that supposedly show violently sick people that have literally collapsed in the streets of Wuhan.  Here is just one example.And in another video, hundreds of mask-wearing Chinese citizens are crammed into the hallways of a hospital in Wuhan as they wait to see a doctor.This is something that I wrote about yesterday, and even though I documented my claims, I don’t think that a lot of people believed me.In fact, when I told my wife what was happening at the hospitals even she didn’t believe me at first.But this is actually happening, and one video from a Wuhan hospital even shows a patient that collapsed on the ground as he waited to see a doctor.Chinese authorities are trying to keep everyone calm, but they are definitely treating this like it is no ordinary outbreak.  For example, one airline passenger that was suspected of having the virus was actually “wheeled out of an airport in a quarantine box”.Footage has emerged showing an airline passenger with suspected SARS-like coronavirus being wheeled out of an airport in a quarantine box.The man inside the box is wearing a protective suit, a mask and gloves after he reportedly showed possible symptoms, including a fever, during screening and was isolated from other travellers.The box is surrounded by staff wearing blue masks as it is wheeled to a waiting ambulance outside a terminal at the airport in Fuzhou in south-eastern China.The whole world was stunned when it was announced that the entire city of Wuhan would be facing a quarantine, but now seven other Chinese cities are also being locked down.In addition, big cities all over China are canceling festivities for the upcoming Lunar New Year holiday. Major Chinese cities, including Beijing and quarantine-blocked Wuhan, banned all large gatherings over the coming Lunar New Year festival, the most important holiday on the Chinese calendar, in an expanding effort to contain a rapidly spreading coronavirus outbreak.The announcement Thursday came as authorities expanded travel restrictions imposed on Wuhan to surrounding municipalities, shutting down travel networks and attempting to quarantine about 25 million people – more than the population of Florida.We have never seen anything like this before in the entire modern history of China.Would Chinese officials really take such dramatic measures if the threat was not real?Of course here in the United States the CDC is assuring us that we don’t have anything to be concerned about. “We don’t want the American public to be worried about this because their risk is low,” says Anthony Fauci, head of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases. “On the other hand, we are taking this very seriously and are dealing very closely with Chinese authorities.”Hopefully they are correct, and hopefully this outbreak will blow over sooner rather than later.But a virologist that played a key role in identifying SARS in 2003 insists that what we have seen so far is just the beginning.“A bigger outbreak is certain,” said Guan Yi, a virologist who helped identify severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) in 2003. He estimated – “conservatively,” he said – that this outbreak could be 10 times bigger than the SARS epidemic because that virus was transmitted by only a few “super spreaders” in a more defined part of the country.“We have passed through the ‘golden period’ for prevention and control,” he told Caixin magazine from self-imposed quarantine after visiting Wuhan. “What’s more, we’ve got the holiday traffic rush and a dereliction of duty from certain officials.”And if that wasn’t enough to send a chill down your spine, just check out what else he had to say. “I’ve seen it all: bird flu, SARS, influenza A, swine fever and the rest. But the Wuhan pneumonia makes me feel extremely powerless,” he told Caixin. “Most of the past epidemics were controllable, but this time, I’m petrified.”The next week or two will be an absolutely critical time.If authorities are able to stop the number of cases from rising at an exponential rate, and if there are able to keep it mostly confined to just a few areas of China, we may have a chance to prevent a global pandemic.But if not, we may be facing a worst case scenario.And according to “Event 201”, a worst case scenario could potentially mean tens of millions of dead people.|0
A friend who covers news on vaccinations sent me a series of videos that were posted in early November 2019.  However, they were recorded at an event that took place on October 18, 2019.   The first Wuhan case was recorded in December 2019.They discuss the coronavirus and its effects.Keep in mind, I’m not asking if this is a pandemic.  That has already been established.I’m asking is this a “Plan-demic.”  Was it, in fact, planned?Mostly, those in the videos speak with regards to the economic impact versus actually aiding those who are sick, but nevertheless, several see government intervention, even hinting at martial law, as the solution when for the most part, it has been the problem.The obvious question that should be asked, given that many of those organizations and entities promote population control and even depopulation, is this coronavirus weaponized for the purpose of depopulation?So far, we know this:China: Doctor Who Tried To Warn About Coronavirus Is Dead. Creator of US Bioweapons Act Claims Coronavirus is a Biological Weapon. ‘High-Level Exercise’ Conducted 3 Months Ago Showed That A Coronavirus Pandemic Could Kill 65 Million People Coincidence? US Patent For ‘An Attenuated Coronavirus’ Filed In 2015 Was Granted In 2018. We also know this:45 Population Control Quotes: The Elite Are Eager To Eliminate People On Earth. Vaccine Industry-Tied Bill Gates Warns of Doomsday ‘Global Pandemic’: Could Kill 30 Million in Under a YearEugenics, Infertility & Population Growth Crisis. The series of videos was provided via YouTube by the Center For Health Security.According to the description:Event 201 is a pandemic tabletop exercise hosted by The Johns Hopkins Center for Health Security in partnership with the World Economic Forum and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation on October 18, 2019, in New York, NY.The exercise illustrated the pandemic preparedness efforts needed to diminish the large-scale economic and societal consequences of a severe pandemic.Drawing from actual events, Event 201 identifies important policy issues and preparedness challenges that could be solved with sufficient political will and attention.These issues were designed in a narrative to engage and educate the participants and the audience.Was Coronavirus a “Plan-Demic” As Part Of Population Control?A friend who covers news on vaccinations sent me a series of videos that were posted in early November 2019.  However, they were recorded at an event that took place on October 18, 2019.   The first Wuhan case was recorded in December 2019.They discuss the coronavirus and its effects.Keep in mind, I’m not asking if this is a pandemic.  That has already been established.I’m asking is this a “Plan-demic.”  Was it, in fact, planned?Mostly, those in the videos speak with regards to the economic impact versus actually aiding those who are sick, but nevertheless, several see government intervention, even hinting at martial law, as the solution when for the most part, it has been the problem.The obvious question that should be asked, given that many of those organizations and entities promote population control and even depopulation, is this coronavirus weaponized for the purpose of depopulation?So far, we know this:China: Doctor Who Tried To Warn About Coronavirus Is Dead. Creator of US Bioweapons Act Claims Coronavirus is a Biological Weapon. ‘High-Level Exercise’ Conducted 3 Months Ago Showed That A Coronavirus Pandemic Could Kill 65 Million People. Coincidence? US Patent For ‘An Attenuated Coronavirus’ Filed In 2015 Was Granted In 2018. We also know this:45 Population Control Quotes: The Elite Are Eager To Eliminate People On Earth. Vaccine Industry-Tied Bill Gates Warns of Doomsday ‘Global Pandemic’: Could Kill 30 Million in Under a Year. Eugenics, Infertility & Population Growth Crisis. The series of videos was provided via YouTube by the Center For Health Security.According to the description:Event 201 is a pandemic tabletop exercise hosted by The Johns Hopkins Center for Health Security in partnership with the World Economic Forum and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation on October 18, 2019, in New York, NY.The exercise illustrated the pandemic preparedness efforts needed to diminish the large-scale economic and societal consequences of a severe pandemic.Drawing from actual events, Event 201 identifies important policy issues and preparedness challenges that could be solved with sufficient political will and attention.These issues were designed in a narrative to engage and educate the participants and the audience.Here are the videos.  Judge for yourself whether coronavirus was planned or just happened organically.Call To Wuhan Hospital For Help Gets This Response: “No Medical Staff Anymore. They Are Dead Or Sick!”Coronavirus Nightmare: No Room In Chinese Hospitals For Thousands Of Sick People. The Numbers for the Wuhan Coronavirus Outbreak Just Don’t Add Up. Wuhan Resident On Coronavirus Outbreak: “Hospitals are packed… you are just left for dead…a million or two have already left Wuhan”. China: Video Out Of Wuhan Hospital Shows The Truth Of The Coronavirus’ Horrifying Effects. Mainstream Media Hasn’t Been Telling Us The Truth About This Coronavirus Outbreak. The True Number Of Coronavirus Victims Is Far Larger Than You Are Being Told. Mysterious “SARS-Like Virus” Killing People In China Has Spread To Japan. Additionally, we’ve reported on whether or not governments are putting the boot down on the people as hinted at in these videos.Again, you judge for yourself whether or not that is the case.Coverup? China Arrested Doctors Who Warned About Coronavirus As Death Tolls Rise & Stocks Plummet. Coronavirus Coverup? China Threatens Social Media Users With 7 Years In Prison For Reporting. And now, we are dealing with it in the US.Department Of Defense: Military Has Mass Quarantine Camps Set Up In US. If Coronavirus Isn’t A Serious Threat To The US, Why Is Our Government Turning 11 Military Bases Into Quarantine Camps?Massachusetts Quarantine: College Student Becomes First Confirmed Coronavirus Case. 5th Diagnosed Case of Coronavirus in America Confirmed on Sunday. However, probably the most curious thing about the coronavirus is in the parts of the world that don’t large numbers of medical facilities or records that can be easily checked.  This commenter points to that very problem in determining just how widespread this virus may have gotten and no one would be the wiser about it.|0
In January of 2010, Bill and Melinda Gates announced a $10 billion pledge to usher in a decade of vaccines. But far from an unalloyed good, the truth is that this attempt to reorient the global health economy was part of a much bigger agenda.An agenda that would ultimately lead to greater profits for big pharma companies, greater control for the Gates Foundation over the field of global health, and greater power for Bill Gates to shape the course of the future for billions of people around the planet.|0
Consider the limitations or strain already on health systems in many of the countries where global health programs operate. Whether related to health services, surveillance, or supply chains, meeting public demand can be an ongoing challenge at baseline. To add an outbreak response in those settings could spur an outright collapse of essential resources. And that could have a ripple effect for people in need of care across a range of issues, not only those exposed to a novel disease.Consider a woman who can no longer visit a local clinic to protect her from pregnancy complications. Or the person living with HIV, TB, or some other chronic condition who can no longer receive lifesaving medications, either because of a breakdown or diversion of the pipeline intended to provide those. Furthermore, these very populations are at greater risk of poor outcomes from a disease like COVID-19, creating a potentially vicious cycle.That is why it's essential that policymakers and practitioners shore up resources that protect progress in other critical areas of global health, while preventing fallout from a new public health enemy. If we are vigilant, we can soften the blow.|1
Frequent or excessive alcohol consumption can increase your risk of health problems|1
China has ordered an unprecedented quarantine of more than 50 million people. It has closed schools and shut down live animal markets. Airports across the globe are screening passengers coming from the world’s most populous country.But three weeks after the new coronavirus emerged as a health crisis, experts can’t yet say whether these efforts will succeed at containing an infection that now threatens at least 15 countries.Some early signs are discouraging: Six countries, including China, have confirmed human-to-human transmission of the infection. Those include four cases in Germany connected to a single person — a worrisome sign for containment of the disease. Cases in China continue to multiply, and five million residents of Wuhan, where the virus originated, have left the city, some of them surely carrying the disease.But so far, the mortality rate is less than the rate of other severe respiratory coronaviruses. In China, where 5,974 people are infected, 132 have died through Tuesday. That is a high rate, but far less than the fatality rate of SARS and MERS. And countries like the United States that quickly began screening travelers, isolating sick people and tracing their contacts have just a handful of cases. There have been no fatalities outside China.Public health officials said Tuesday that they are grappling with a long list of unknowns that will determine how successful they are in limiting the toll of the widening outbreak. Those questions include how lethal the virus may be, how contagious it is, whether it is transmitted by people who are infected but show no symptoms, and whether it can be largely contained in its country of origin.“It is very striking how quickly the numbers are going up,” said Trish Perl, chief of infectious diseases and geographic medicine at UT Southwestern Medical Center, who has fought other respiratory virus outbreaks, including SARS and MERS.“As the numbers are going up, do I think I’m concerned about the rapidity of it? Yes,” Perl said. “Do I think it may be difficult to control? Yes. But in the context of a lot of unknowns.”Experts are not sure whether the rise in new cases means the virus is now widely circulating in China, or whether the Chinese are doing a better job of surveillance and testing, or both.U.S. health officials held a news conference Tuesday to reassure a wary public that, for now, virtually no one here is in imminent danger.“Americans should know that this is a potentially very serious public health threat, but, at this point, Americans should not worry for their own safety,” said Secretary of Health and Human Services Alex Azar.The new virus is not nearly as infectious as the measles virus, which can live as long as two hours in the air after an infected person coughs or sneezes, and it is not comparable to the threat posed by the seasonal flu, which has killed at least 8,200 people in the United States so far this season.But Azar also acknowledged, “We don’t yet know everything we need to know about this virus.”China agreed Tuesday to allow a World Health Organization team of experts into the country to study the coronavirus, officials of the U.N. agency said after a meeting between the organization’s director general and Chinese leader Xi Jinping.“The two sides agreed that WHO will send international experts to visit China as soon as possible to work with Chinese counterparts on increasing understanding of the outbreak to guide global response efforts,” the statement said.It was unclear whether the team would include experts from the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.But several nations continued to pursue or consider evacuating their citizens from Wuhan, including France, South Korea, Morocco, Britain, Germany, Canada, the Netherlands and Russia.In the Philippines, immigration authorities temporarily suspended the issuance of visas for Chinese nationals upon arrival. Immigration commissioner Jaime Morente said the move was designed “to slow down the influx of group tours” and prevent the spread of the virus.Hong Kong Chief Executive Carrie Lam announced dramatic measures to stem the flow of mainland Chinese into the territory, including the closure of railways, ferries and cross-border tour buses. Flights to mainland China will be slashed by half, and the Hong Kong government will stop issuing individual travel visas to mainland Chinese, starting Thursday.Yet for all the action taken, even the near future remains uncertain.“There is a real possibility that this virus will not be able to be contained,” said former CDC director Tom Frieden, who oversaw the responses to the Ebola and Zika outbreaks.Researchers are struggling to accurately model the outbreak and predict how it might unfold, in part because the data released by Chinese authorities is incomplete. China has shared information showing when cases were reported, but not when people became ill.Researchers also want to know more about the incubation period, currently estimated at two to 14 days, and how severe most cases are.The virus’s fatality rate is just over two percent, if figures posted by the Chinese government are accurate. That is considerably lower than death rates from the respiratory coronaviruses that caused SARS, which killed nearly 10 percent of people infected, and MERS, which killed about 35 percent.Some experts are encouraged that no case outside China seems to be severe. and that no fatalities have been recorded outside China so far.Others cautioned that the current death rate may mean little because the most severe cases in an epidemic like this one often emerge early, when sick people present themselves to health care providers, then become fewer as public health measures are instituted and medical care is strengthened.Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, noted in an interview that the virus may have been spreading unnoticed for weeks in Wuhan before it emerged into public view.If many people had mild symptoms, it would have been easy to miss them, and that made it harder to put control measures in place, said Jennifer Nuzzo, an epidemiologist and senior scholar at the Johns Hopkins Center for Health Security.Experts also are unsure whether asymptomatic patients can transmit the virus. China’s health minister Ma Xiaowei alarmed officials around the world this weekend when he said his government had evidence that this type of spread was occurring.But U.S. officials have challenged that conclusion, saying they have not seen data that prove it and want the Chinese to show them. And asymptomatic patients never drive more than a small percentage of infections in epidemics such as this one, Fauci said.“Even if there some asymptomatic transmission, in all the history of respiratory-borne viruses of any type, asymptomatic transmission has never been the driver of outbreaks,” he said. “The driver of outbreaks is always a symptomatic person.”Frieden and others emphasized that even if officials cannot stop transmission, they can still reduce the number of people who get infected, as well as those who get very sick and die. A critical measure, for example, is beefing up readiness by training health-care workers in hospitals to prevent the spread of illness.At the moment, U.S. officials are isolating coronavirus patients in the hospital. But that may not be practical if there are many more cases. During SARS, highly infectious patients known as “super spreaders” were responsible for the virus’s rapid spread in health-care facilities.It makes more sense to isolate someone with a mild coronavirus illness at home, said Nuzzo, the Hopkins expert. “If somebody only has a fever and runny nose, is there a need to freak out?” she said.|1
In 2019, a mysterious shipment sent from Canada to China was found to contain hidden coronavirus, which Chinese agents working at a Canadian laboratory reportedly stole, obviously without permission.Reports reveal that these Chinese agents were working undercover for the Chinese Biological Warfare Program, and may have infiltrated North America for the sole purpose of hijacking this deadly virus in order to unleash it at a later date.That unleashing could be the coronavirus outbreak that’s currently dominating media headlines – with as many as 44,000 people now infected – despite blame being assigned to contaminated food sold at the Huanan Seafood Market in Wuhan, China – and here’s why.It was back on June 13, 2012, when a 60-year-old man from Saudi Arabia was admitted to a private hospital in Jeddah with a seven-day affliction of fever, cough, expectoration and shortness of breath. The man had no known history of cardiopulmonary or renal disease, was on no medications, and didn’t smoke, and tests revealed that he had become infected with a previously unknown strain of coronavirus.However, tests could not reveal where the man had contracted coronavirus. So, Dr. Ali Mohamed Zaki, the Egyptian virologist who was caring for the man, contacted Ron Fouchier, a premier virologist at the Erasmus Medical Center (EMC) in Rotterdam, The Netherlands, for advice.Fouchier proceeded to sequence a sample of the virus sent to him by Dr. Zaki using a broad-spectrum “pan-coronavirus” real-time polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) method to distinguish it from other strains of coronavirus. He then sent it to Dr. Frank Plummer, the Scientific Director of Canada’s National Microbiology Laboratory (NML) in Winnipeg, on May 4, 2013, where it was replicated for assessment and diagnostic purposes.Scientists in Winnipeg proceeded to test this strain of coronavirus on animals to see which species could catch it. This research was done in conjunction with the Canadian Food Inspection Agency’s national lab, as well as with the National Centre for Foreign Animal Diseases, which is in the same complex as the National Microbiology Laboratory (NML).NML, it’s important to note, has long conducted tests with coronavirus, having isolated and provided the first genome sequence of the SARS coronavirus. This lab had also identified another type of coronavirus, known as NL63, back in 2004.Formerly respected scientist allowed multiple deadly viruses besides coronavirus to be shipped to China. Fast-forward to today, and the recent discovery of the mystery shipment containing coronavirus can be traced all the way back to these samples that were sent to Canada for analysis, suggesting that the current coronavirus outbreak was likely stolen as a bioweapon to be released for just such a time as this.According to reports, the shipment occurred back in March of 2019, which caused a major scandal with biowarfare experts who questioned why Canada was purportedly sending lethal viruses to China. It was later discovered in July that Chinese virologists had stolen. it, and were forcibly dispatched as a result.“The NML is Canada’s only level-4 facility and one of only a few in North America equipped to handle the world’s deadliest diseases, including Ebola, SARS, Coronavirus, etc.,” explains a report by Great Game India, as republished by Zero Hedge.“The NML scientist who was escorted out of the Canadian lab along with her husband, another biologist, and members of her research team is believed to be a Chinese Bio-Warfare agent Xiangguo Qiu,” it goes on to explain, adding that Qiu had served as head of the Vaccine Development and Antiviral Therapies Section of the Special Pathogens Program at Canada’s NML.A formerly respected scientist in China, Qiu began studying powerful viruses in 2006. In 2014, many of these viruses she studied, including not only coronavirus but also Machupo, Junin, Rift Valley Fever, Crimean-Congo Hemorrhagic Fever, and Hendra, all suddenly appeared in China as part of a massive hijacking.Be sure to read the full report at ZeroHedge.com.You can also keep up with the latest coronavirus news by visiting Outbreak.news.|0
STORY AT-A-GLANCE. As of February 2, 2020, mainland China reported 17,187 confirmed cases of novel coronavirus-infected pneumonia (NCIP), including 362 deaths. The first case was reported in December 2019. Since then, cases have also been reported in at least 23 other countries, including the U.S., Canada, Australia, Japan, Thailand, Vietnam, Singapore, Taiwan, South Korea and France. Clinical manifestations of NCIP are consistent with viral pneumonia. The hysteria being drummed up follows a well-worn pattern where the population is kept in a state of fear about microbes so that drug companies can come to the rescue with yet another expensive (and potentially mandatory) drug or vaccine. In January 2018, China’s first biosecurity level 4 lab designed for the study of the world’s most dangerous pathogens opened its doors in Wuhan City, the epicenter of the current NCIP outbreak. October 18, 2019, Johns Hopkins Center for Health Security, the World Economic Forum and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation sponsored a pandemic preparedness exercise in New York, practicing for the emergence of a new fictional viral illness dubbed “coronavirus acute pulmonary syndrome”. Chances are you’ve heard the news about a new and potentially lethal coronavirus.1 Ground zero is Wuhan City, Hubei Province in China. As of February 2, 2020, mainland China reported2 a total of 17,187 confirmed cases, including 2,110 severe cases and 362 deaths (including a retired doctor working with coronavirus patients in Wuhan3. The first case was reported in Wuhan on December 21, 2019. According to ProMED International Society for Infectious Diseases:"Patients' clinical manifestations were consistent with viral pneumonia. Most patients had severe and nonproductive cough following illness onset, some had dyspnea, and almost all had normal or decreased leukocyte counts and radiographic evidence of pneumonia.Huanan Seafood Wholesale Market has western and eastern sections, and 15 environmental specimens collected in the western section were positive for 2019-nCoV virus through RT-PCR testing and genetic sequencing analysis. Despite extensive searching, no animal from the market has thus far been identified as a possible source of infection."On January 21, 2020, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention confirmed the first U.S. case5 — a patient in Washington state who had recently visited Wuhan, China. A second case, in Illinois, was confirmed January 24, 2020.6 This patient had also recently returned from a visit to Wuhan. As of February 2, 2020, there were 11 confirmed cases in the U.S.Since then cases have also been reported in at least 23 other countries,8 including Canada, Australia,9 Japan, Thailand, South Korea,10 France,11 Taiwan, Vietnam, Singapore and Saudi Arabia.12 Globally, there were 14, 557 confirmed cases and one death as of February, January 22, 2020, China shut down all transport networks in and out of Wuhan — a city with a population of 11 million — in an effort to contain the spread of the disease.Elderly Appear Particularly Vulnerable. So far, most of those who have died have been elderly. As reported by the Foreign Policy Journal:"One puzzling aspect so far is the thankful lack of child victims. Usually, children, with less developed immune systems than adults, come down with one illness after another.Yet few children have yet been reported with coronavirus symptoms. That does not mean that no children have been infected. A similar pattern of benign disease in children, with increasing severity and mortality with age, was seen in SARS and MERS.SARS had a mortality rate averaging 10 percent. Yet no children, and just 1 percent of youths under 24, died, while those older than 50 had a 65 percent risk of dying. Is being an adult a risk factor per se? If so, what is it about childhood that confers protection?"The Foreign Policy Journal goes on to suggest children may be protected by other vaccines given during childhood, such as the measles and rubella vaccines. It even goes so far as to wonder whether innate immunity against the coronavirus might be boosted in adults by giving them the measles vaccine.If you ask me, that would be a significant long-shot. Vaccines have risks, so getting a vaccine on the remote chance that it might confer protection against a completely different infection than what it's designed for seems inappropriate in the extreme. As noted in the Washington Examiner:"Sending out coronavirus vaccines won't make sense unless the spread gets worse ... The bare facts, at least as far as anyone knows them yet, are that a global rollout of a coronavirus vaccine would kill some 7,000 people or so.Of course, we're never going to get everyone vaccinated. And I'm guessing here, but that average death rate from vaccination, for all things, is one in a million.Yes, that's including those influenza shots the old folks are abjured to get every winter — we know that some will die because of them. That we know this is exactly why we have the vaccine compensation program.The … trade-off in this situation is how many we kill by giving them the vaccine, versus how many die without it? The coronavirus is simply not widespread enough yet to take the risk of jabbing everyone."Source of Novel Coronavirus Remains Unknown. Like other coronaviruses, such as the Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV) and the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV), this new coronavirus (dubbed 2019-nCoV17), is suspected of being zoonotic, meaning it can be transmitted between animals and humans.The disease itself has been named "novel coronavirus-infected pneumonia" or NECIP.18 As reported by CNN:"Both SARS and MERS are classified as zoonotic viral diseases, meaning the first patients who were infected acquired these viruses directly from animals.This was possible because while in the animal host, the virus had acquired a series of genetic mutations that allowed it to infect and multiply inside humans. Now these viruses can be transmitted from person to person. In the case of this 2019 coronavirus outbreak, reports state that most of the first group of patients hospitalized were workers or customers at a local seafood wholesale market which also sold processed meats and live consumable animals including poultry, donkeys, sheep, pigs, camels, foxes, badgers, bamboo rats, hedgehogs and reptiles."However, while media have been quick to blame the outbreak on snakes20 and bat soup,21 as of January 22, none of the animals sold at the Wuhan Huanan Wholesale Seafood Market had been found to carry the virus.22. Meanwhile, a number of other reports cast a disturbing light on the outbreak, raising questions about biohazard safety at laboratories working with dangerous pathogens.Season of Fear and National Budgeting Go Hand in Hand. Whatever the source, the hysteria being drummed up follows a now well-worn pattern where the population is kept in a perpetual state of anxiety and fear about microbes so that drug companies (aided by federal health officials) can come to the rescue with yet another expensive (and potentially mandatory) drug or vaccine.Back in 2005, headlines warned the U.S. was facing a cataclysmic extermination event with a calculated 2 million Americans succumbing to the bird flu; the best-case scenario had a calculated death toll of 200,000. The same scare tactics were used during the 2009 swine flu outbreak.Both pandemics turned out to be grossly exaggerated threats, but that didn't result in a more conservative, cool-headed approach to subsequent outbreaks. If anything, efforts to drum up fear and hysteria have only escalated.In 2014, we were told Ebola might overtake the U.S. and then it was pertussis outbreaks.23 In January 2015, it was measles in Disneyland. In January 2016, it was zika, followed by more news about pertussis outbreaks.24 In 2017 and 2018 it was influenza,25 then back to measles again in 2019.26 Now we have coronavirus.January and February appear to be a favorite time to launch a global disease scare with the dutiful assistance of corporatized media. It's convenient, seeing how usually by the first Monday in February every year (Feb. 3, 2020), the president sends the U.S. Congress the administration's budget requesting funds to be allocated to federal agencies for the next fiscal year's budget (Oct. 1, 2020 - Sept. 30, 2021).Each time there's a public health scare, the Pharma and public health lobby is able to vie for a larger slice of taxpayer money to pay for drug and vaccine development.28. January 23, 2020, Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the NIH's National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, announced a coronavirus vaccine is in the pipeline, with human trials set to start in about three months.29 Stock prices for makers of coronavirus vaccines experienced an immediate upswing30,31 in response to media reports of impending doom.Moratorium on SARS/MERS Experiments Lifted in 2017. As mentioned, a number of reports raise questions about the source of the 2019-nCoV. For starters, a 2014 NPR article32 was rather prophetic. It discusses the October 2014 U.S. moratorium on experiments on coronaviruses like SARS and MERS, as well as influenza virus, that might make the viruses more pathogenic and/or easy to spread among humans.The ban came on the heels of "high-profile lab mishaps" at the CDC and "extremely controversial flu experiments" in which the bird flu virus was engineered to become more lethal and contagious between ferrets. The goal was to see if it could mutate and become more lethal and contagious between humans, causing future pandemics.However, for the past decade there have been red flags raised in the scientific community about biosecurity breaches in high containment biological labs in the U.S. and globally.33 There were legitimate fears that a lab-created superflu pathogen might escape the confines of biosecurity labs where researchers are conducting experiments. It's a reasonable fear, certainly, considering that there have been many safety breaches at biolabs in the U.S. and other countries.34,35,36,37The federal moratorium on lethal virus experiments in the U.S. was lifted at the end of December 2017,38 even though researchers announced in 2015 they had created a lab-created hybrid coronavirus similar to that of SARS that was capable of infecting both human airway cells and mice.The NIH had allowed the controversial research to proceed because it had begun before the moratorium was put in place — a decision criticized by Simon Wain-Hobson, a virologist at Pasteur Institute in Paris, who pointed out that "If the [new] virus escaped, nobody could predict the trajectory."Others, such as Richard Ebright, a molecular biologist and biodefence expert at Rutgers University, agreed, saying "The only impact of this work is the creation, in a lab, of a new, non-natural risk."Wuhan Is Home to Lab Studying World's Deadliest Pathogens. In January 2018, China's first maximum security virology laboratory (biosecurity level 4) designed for the study of the world's most dangerous pathogens opened its doors — in Wuhan.41,42 Is it pure coincidence that Wuhan City is now the epicenter of this novel coronavirus infection?The year before, Tim Trevan, a Maryland biosafety consultant, expressed concern about viral threats potentially escaping the Wuhan National Biosafety Laboratory,43 which happens to be located just 20 miles from the Wuhan market identified as ground zero for the current NCIP outbreak.44 As reported by the Daily Mail:45. "The Wuhan lab is also equipped for animal research," and "Regulations for animal research — especially that conducted on primates — are much looser in China than in the U.S. and other Western countries … But that was also cause for concern for Trevan.Studying the behavior of a virus like 209-nCoV and developing treatments or vaccines for it requires infecting these research monkeys, an important step before human testing.Monkeys are unpredictable though, warned [Rutgers University microbiologist Dr. Richard] Ebright. 'They can run, they can scratch they can bite,' he said, and the viruses they carry would go where their feet, nails and teeth do.'Coronavirus Outbreak Simulation Took Place in October 2019 Equally curious is the fact that Johns Hopkins Center for Health Security, the World Economic Forum and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation sponsored a novel coronavirus pandemic preparedness exercise October 18, 2019, in New York called "Event 201."46 The simulation predicted a global death toll of 65 million people within a span of 18 months.47 As reported by Forbes December 12, 2019:"The experts ran through a carefully designed, detailed simulation of a new (fictional) viral illness called CAPS or coronavirus acute pulmonary syndrome. This was modeled after previous epidemics like SARS and MERS."Sounds exactly like NCIP, doesn't it? Yet the new coronavirus responsible for NCIP had not yet been identified at the time of the simulation, and the first case wasn't reported until two months later.Forbes also refers to the fictional pandemic as "Disease X" — the same designation used by The Telegraph in its January 24, 2020, video report, "Could This Coronavirus be Disease X?"49 which suggests that media outlets were briefed and there was coordination ahead of time with regard to use of certain keywords and catchphrases in news reports and opinion articles.Johns Hopkins University (JHU) is the biggest recipient of research grants from federal agencies, including the National Institutes of Health, National Science Foundation and Department of Defense and has received millions of dollars in research grants from the Gates Foundation.50 In 2016, Johns Hopkins spent more than $2 billion on research projects, leading all U.S. universities in research spending for the 38th year in a row.If research funded by federal agencies, such as the DOD or HHS is classified as being performed "in the interest of national security," it is exempt from Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) requests.Research conducted under the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA) is completely shielded from FOIA requests by the public.53 Additionally, agencies may deny FOIA requests and withhold information if government officials conclude that shielding it from public view "protects trade secrets and commercial or financial information which could harm the competitive posture or business interests of a company."The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention under the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services states that its mission is "to protect America from health, safety and security threats, both foreign and in the U.S."55 Clearly, it will be difficult to obtain information about government-funded biomedical research on microbes like coronavirus conducted at major universities or by pharmaceutical corporations in biohazard labs.How likely is it, then, that the coronavirus outbreak making people so sick today "suddenly" emerged simply because people ate bats and snakes in a Wuhan market? It looks more like a biosecurity accident but, until more is known, inevitably there will be more questions than answers about whether this latest global public health emergency is a more ambitious tactical "sand table exercise," echoing unanswered questions about the 2009 swine flu pandemic fiasco.This time, there could be a lot more bodies left on the field, although some statisticians conducting benefit cost analyses may consider 65 million casualties in a global human population of 7.8 billion people56 to be relatively small when advancing medical research conducted in the name of "the greater good."Signs and Symptoms of NCIP. According to the WHO, signs and symptoms of NCIP in its initial stages include:Fever. Fatigue. Sore throat.Shortness of breath. Dry cough. In more severe cases, the infection can lead to pneumonia, severe acute respiratory syndrome and kidney failure.Care Advice. WHO's "rapid advice note," detailing how to care for patients presenting mild symptoms of NCIP in the home can be downloaded here. Recommendations include:Placing the patient in a well-ventilated room. Limiting the number of caretakers. Ideally, designate a healthy younger person who has no underlying risk factors to care for the patient (older people appear to be more susceptible to severe disease). Keeping other household members in a different room, or keeping a distance of at least 1 meter (3.2 feet) from the patient. Limiting the movement of the patient and minimizing shared space. Make sure shared spaces such as kitchen and bathroom are well-ventilated by keeping the windows open. Instructions on protective gear, such as protective masks and gloves, and the safe handling and disposal of them are also detailed, as are special instructions for how to maintain good hygiene to prevent the spread of the virus throughout the home.General recommendations for how to reduce your risk of contracting an infection at home, work or when traveling can be found on WHO's Novel Coronavirus Advice for the Public page.A key recommendation — which applies to all infections, both bacterial and viral — is to frequently wash your hands with soap and water. Also, be sure to cover your mouth and nose when coughing or sneezing, and avoid close contact with anyone exhibiting symptoms of cold or influenza. According to Peter Horby, professor of emerging infectious diseases and global health at the Centre of Tropical Medicine and Global Health at the University of Oxford, NCIP has the hallmark signs of "classic viral pneumonia," and since there are currently no antivirals available for NCIP, the focus of care is to support the lungs and other organs until the patient recovers.During this time, I recommend boosting your immune system with regular sensibly controlled sun exposure and, when unable to do that, taking oral vitamin D3. Adding liposomal vitamin C and quercetin supplements can also be helpful. All three help protect against infections in general, and quercetin may offer benefits as a treatment for SARS coronavirus infections.60 According to a study61 in the Journal of Virology, "As an FDA- approved drug ingredient, quercetin offers great promise as a potential drug in the clinical treatment of SARS." Resveratrol is another antioxidant that could be useful. It's been shown to inhibit MERS-CoV infection, at least in vitro.62. There are some events that happen, which are not in our control, but one thing we can do is learn how to better respond to bad news that causes stress, which can depress the immune system.|0
While initial investigations suggest the virus may be present in faeces in some cases, to date, there have not been reports of faecal-oral transmission of COVID-19. Additionally, there is no evidence to date on the survival of the COVID-19 virus in water or sewage.WHO is assessing ongoing research on the ways COVID-19 is spread and will continue to share new findings on this topic.|1
RUSH: Folks, this coronavirus thing, I want to try to put this in perspective for you. It looks like the coronavirus is being weaponized as yet another element to bring down Donald Trump. Now, I want to tell you the truth about the coronavirus. (interruption) You think I’m wrong about this? You think I’m missing it by saying that’s… (interruption) Yeah, I’m dead right on this. The coronavirus is the common cold, folks.The Drive-By Media hype of this thing as a pandemic, as the Andromeda strain, as, “Oh, my God, if you get it, you’re dead.” Do you know what the — I think the survival rate is 98%. Ninety-eight percent of people get the coronavirus survive. It’s a respiratory system virus. It probably is a ChiCom laboratory experiment that is in the process of being weaponized. All superpower nations weaponize bioweapons. They experiment with them. The Russians, for example, have weaponized fentanyl. Now, fentanyl is also not what it is represented to be.If you watch cop shows, then you probably… Stick with me on this. If you watch cop shows, you probably believe that just the dust from a package of fentanyl can kill you if you’re in the same room with it. Not true. Not true. Even the cheap kind of fentanyl coming from China that’s used to spike heroin… They use fentanyl ’cause it’s cheap. It gives a quick hit, doesn’t last very long, which is really cool if you’re trying to addict people.But it doesn’t kill people the way it’s projected on TV. It can if you OD on it. But inhaling a little fentanyl dust is not going to cause you to lose consciousness and stop breathing as they depict on cop shows. It’s dangerous. Don’t misunderstand. But it isn’t the way it’s portrayed in popular criminal TV shows, cop shows, and so forth and so on. The coronavirus is the same. It’s really being hyped as a deadly Andromeda Strain or Ebola pandemic that, “Oh, my God, is going to wipe out the nation. It’s going to wipe out the population of the world.”The stock market’s down like 900 points right now. The survival rate of this is 98%! You have to read very deeply to find that number, that 2% of the people get the coronavirus die. That’s less than the flu, folks. That is a far lower death statistic than any form of influenza, which is an annual thing that everybody gets shots for. There’s nothing unusual about the coronavirus. In fact, coronavirus is not something new. There are all kinds of viruses that have that name. Now, do not misunderstand. I’m not trying to get you to let your guard down.Nobody wants to get any of this stuff. I mean, you never… I hate getting the common cold. You don’t want to get the flu. It’s miserable. But we’re not talking about something here that’s gonna wipe out your town or your city if it finds its way there. This is a classic illustration of how media coverage works. Even if this media coverage isn’t stacked, even if this is just the way media normally does things, this is a hyped, panic-filled version. It’s exactly how the media deals with these things to create audience, readership, interest, clicks, what have you.It originated in China in a little — well, not a little town. It’s a town that is 11 million people, Wuhan, China. One of the reasons they’re able to hype this is that the doctor what warned everybody about it came down with it and died. So if a doctor got it, “Oh, my God, Rush! A doctor got it? You can’t possibly be right if a doctor can’t protect himself.” He didn’t know what he was dealing with. He discovered it back in December. I’m telling you, the ChiComs are trying to weaponize this thing. Here’s the story on Russians and fentanyl.Fentanyl is a very, very powerful opiate — and for those of you that haven’t had any experience with opiates, the people that get addicted to ’em take them and they get very euphoric. They kill pain. They do wonderful things. But they make you very, very euphoric. They act like speed. Other people take ’em, and they hate ’em. It makes ’em vomit, throw up, feel nauseous. It doesn’t do anything for ’em. They’re never gonna get addicted.So in Moscow the Chechens, way back… I’m gonna go back now — what is it — maybe 10 years or longer. A bunch of Chechen rebels took over an opera house and had a bunch of Russian hostages in there and made all kinds of threats — and Putin, unbeknownst to anybody, had weaponized fentanyl. He’d turned it into a gas, an invisible gas. He just put it in the ventilation system of this opera house or whatever it was (I’m giving you the sketchy, short version of this) and everybody in there fell asleep and died. You know, in a drug overdose, you stop breathing.That’s what… It slows down your respiratory system so much that you stop breathing. That’s what an OD is, and everybody in that place, including the Chechens — Pfft! — had no idea what happened to ’em. It’s not violent. You just fall asleep for unknown reasons at the amounts that Putin weaponized and put in there. If you take a normal dose of fentanyl that you get from a doctor in a hospital, it’s not gonna kill you, obviously. But the amount they weaponized — and up to this time, nobody had ever weaponized fentanyl.Nobody had ever made it into an invisible, odorless, colorless gas, until it was discovered that the Russians had done it. Well, every nation is working on things like this, and the ChiComs obviously in their lab are doing something here with the coronavirus — and it got out. Some people believe it got out on purpose, that the ChiComs have a whole lot of problems based on an economy that cannot provide for the number of people they have. So losing a few people here or there is not so bad for the Chinese government.There could be anything to explain this.But the way it’s being used… I believe the way it’s being weaponized is by virtue of the media, and I think that it is an effort to bring down Trump, and one of the ways it’s being used to do this is to scare the investors, to scare people in business. It’s to scare people into not buying Treasury bills at auctions. It’s to scare people into leaving, cashing out of the stock market — and sure enough, as the show began today, the stock market — the Dow Jones Industrial Average — was down about 900 points, supposedly because of the latest news about the spread of the coronavirus.And if you go deeper into China, you will see that all of the high-tech Silicon Valley firms are said to be terribly exposed. “They could be suffering a disastrous year. Why, you may not be able to buy a new iPhone of any model this whole year! Do you know that? Because the coronavirus is so bad that the factories may never open — and if they do, they may not be anywhere near full capacity.” So Apple may not be able to release any new product. You think that’s not gonna panic investors? It most certainly is.So Apple is trying to do what they can to suggest that these rumors are not true. They got new products coming this year. But the tech media hates Apple. They love anti-Apple stories. They love anything that will let them report that Apple’s on its last legs. Of course, that’s not true. Warren Buffett came out today and said, “Apple is the best run company ever.” He’s a big stockholder. So people will say he’s biased about it. But the bias you have to pay attention to is how much money he invested. He got $36 billion in Apple stock that Berkshire Hathaway has.They sold $800 million of Apple stock last week, and everybody said, “Oh, my God, he’s getting out!” No, he’s not. He’s got $36 billion. He sold $800 million. No big deal. He wanted to allocate it somewhere else. So this is… I think the coronavirus is an effort to get Trump. It’s not gonna work. It’s one of the latest in a long line of efforts that the Drive-By Media’s making to somehow say that Trump and capitalism are destroying America and destroying the world. Just keep in mind where the coronavirus came from.It came from a country that Bernie Sanders wants to turn the United States into a mirror image of: Communist China. That’s where it came from. It didn’t come from an American lab. It didn’t escape from an American research lab. It hasn’t been spread by Americans. It starts out in a communist country. Its tentacles spread all across the world in numbers that are not big and not huge, but they’re being reported as just the opposite. Just trying to keep it all in perspective.BREAK TRANSCRIPT. RUSH: Here’s Neil in Orlando. Great to have you on the program, sir. Hello.CALLER: Hello, Rush. Man, I’m blessed to have the chance to talk to you. I cannot believe it. So you were talking about the coronavirus a little bit a while ago, and what’s the one thing that disappeared when the coronavirus came out?RUSH: Well, let me see. What one thing? Just hang on. What disappeared? What disappeared? What disappeared? Oh, the protests in Hong Kong went away.CALLER: Yes. That’s it.RUSH: That’s a big. CALLER: Yup.RUSH: (whispering) Talent on loan from God.CALLER: That sure is.RUSH: That’s probably the big one, the protests in Hong Kong.CALLER: That’s my take from it. I don’t know. I’ve got a friend over there that sends me stuff. But there’s a lot… We don’t want to start any conspiracy theories, but this will be my only time I ever get through to you ’cause I’ve been calling since ’92. But I just want to say about your talent on loan from God: Just in the time, I was on hold listening to you, and it got me to the point where I just wanted to say that Trump got no notice about Russian meddling like Sanders did. So why not? I wonder about that. When Carter was president, my first home buying — I was a first-time home buyer — the rate was 13.33%. I’ll never forget it, and that was a first-time homeowner!RUSH: I know. I know.CALLER: That was a deal!RUSH: I know. I know.CALLER: That was a deal at 13.33%!RUSH: I bought my first shack, you know, at that time in Overland Park, Kansas. I had no business buying it. But everybody said, “You gotta buy! Don’t rent. You’re throwing money away if you rent.”CALLER: Mmm-hmm.RUSH: So, you know, my one time I became a conformist, it got me. I didn’t want to live in this shack! I never wanted to move into this shack. But it’s what I bought, so I had to move into the thing.CALLER: And one more .RUSH: I didn’t even want people to take me home. I didn’t want people to see this shack that I lived in. One day, we’re playing football — the Chiefs front office, the Royals front office — after the baseball season. Thursday afternoon flag football. George Brett’s playing and he offered to take me home. I said (chuckles), “No, George, I’m fine.” I didn’t want Brett to see where the shack was. So, yeah, 13% interest rates during Carter, and it was bad. Carter actually coined the term “malaise” to describe his own administration and its effect on the American economy!We had “the misery index” and all of that.But look, back to the coronavirus for just a second. That is true that the Hong Kong protests strangely subsided as the news of the coronavirus expanded — and I’ll tell you, it is a way… If you are a totalitarian government and you need to control your population, one of the best ways of doing it is unleashing something they think is a deadly disease and then you, as the dictator, have the “safety solutions.” You have the ability to round people up from their homes and take ’em to so-called health camps.Be very leery of this, folks.It probably is not what the media’s leading you to believe it is.|0
The world is awash in treatments for COVID-19, the illness caused by coronavirus. Or at least that's what you might think if you just searched the internet.The truth is, we don't yet have any effective treatments for COVID-19, although thousands of scientists are working furiously to try to create them.Today we'll look at just one of the supposed treatments, which is being actively promoted on social media and many websites: vitamin C.For those who don't want to read further, I'll start with the conclusion: vitamin C won't help to prevent or to treat coronavirus infection. I wish we had such a simple solution, but we don't.Now let's back up a bit. Why would anyone think that vitamin C might be effective in treating this terrible virus? Vitamin C is an essential nutrient, and we all need it, but most people get plenty of vitamin C in their normal diet. As I've written before, taking vitamin C supplements is unnecessary but probably harmless, although megadoses carry the risk of kidney stones.The modern craze with vitamin C started with Linus Pauling, a brilliant chemist and a Nobel Prize winner. Late in his career, he wrote a book promoting vitamin C as a miracle cure for many illnesses, including the common cold (which is caused by a virus). He had very little good evidence for this belief, but his promotion of vitamin C led to hundreds of studies testing his hypothesis. The bottom line: vitamin C doesn't work at preventing or curing the common cold. (See Paul Offit's book if you want more details on this and many other "miracle" cures.)But wait, someone might object: haven't some of those vitamin C studies (as in this review paper) shown a benefit against the common cold? Well yes, but when you run hundreds of studies of a treatment that doesn't work, this is what happens: negative studies are hard to get published, but positive studies are easier. Run enough studies, and a few of them, merely by chance, will show a small positive effect. That's what we've seen with vitamin C.Today, though, everyone is looking for a cure for COVID-19, and not surprisingly, many people (even some doctors) are claiming vitamin C is the answer. I've seen Twitter users explain, very confidently, that you just need to take 12,000 mg of vitamin C and you'll get better. This website comes right out and states that high-dose vitamin C will cure coronavirus, based on a widely-shared video from a doctor in China. (I won't provide the link because it has already done enough damage.)It's almost impossible to disprove a claim that a treatment works. For example, I could claim that ginger snap cookies help to prevent coronavirus infection. That's right! Ginger snaps, made with real ginger, which seems to have magical curative properties. If you object, I could demand that you prove me wrong–but the onus is on me, as the one making the claim, to first provide some genuine evidence. We haven't seen anything like that for vitamin C.We need well-controlled experiments to know with any confidence that a treatment works. Some doctors at Wuhan University have started a trial of vitamin C to see if it has any benefits for COVID-19, but results won't be available for many months. I'm skeptical, but at least they're approaching the question the right way.Dozens of studies of new treatments for COVID-19 are being launched right now, with remarkable speed due to the urgency of the pandemic.The WHO has just launched trials of the 4 most promising existing drugs (which don't include vitamin C, I should add). To obtain a believable, positive result, we need to see evidence that a carefully administered treatment provides a significant benefit over what we're doing now–which is little more than supportive care, unfortunately.Meanwhile, we'll have to wait and hope that one of the plausible efforts currently under way will yield an effective treatment. We've been down this road too many times with vitamin C, though, and the chances that it will have any effect are, based on past experience, close to zero.|1
If you are at increased risk for serious illness from COVID-19, you need to be especially careful to avoid infection. You may have questions about your particular condition or treatment, how it impacts your risk of infection and illness, and what you need to do if you become ill. Your doctor is best equipped to provide individual advice, but we provide some general guidelines, below. Who is at highest risk for getting very sick from COVID-19? Older people, especially those with underlying medical problems like chronic bronchitis, emphysema, heart failure, or diabetes, are more likely to develop serious illness.In addition, several underlying medical conditions may increase the risk of serious COVID-19 for individuals of any age. These include: blood disorders, such as sickle cell disease, or taking blood thinners, chronic kidney disease chronic liver disease, including cirrhosis and chronic hepatitis any condition or treatment that weakens the immune response (cancer, cancer treatment, organ or bone marrow transplant, immunosuppressant medications, HIV or AIDS) current or recent pregnancy in the last two weeks diabetes inherited metabolic disorders and mitochondrial disorders heart disease, including coronary artery disease, congenital heart disease, and heart failure lung disease, including asthma, COPD (chronic bronchitis or emphysema) neurological and neurologic and neurodevelopment conditions such as cerebral palsy, epilepsy (seizure disorders), stroke, intellectual disability, moderate to severe developmental delay, muscular dystrophy, or spinal cord injury.I'm older and have a chronic medical condition, which puts me at higher risk for getting seriously ill, or even dying from COVID-19. What can I do to reduce my risk of exposure to the virus? Anyone 60 years or older is considered to be at higher risk for getting very sick from COVID-19. This is true whether or not you also have an underlying medical condition, although the sickest individuals and most of the deaths have been among people who were both older and had chronic medical conditions, such as heart disease, lung problems or diabetes. The CDC suggests the following measures for those who are at higher risk: Obtain several weeks of medications and supplies in case you need to stay home for prolonged periods of time.Take everyday precautions to keep space between yourself and others. When you go out in public, keep away from others who are sick, limit close contact, and wash your hands often. Avoid crowds. Avoid cruise travel and nonessential air travel. During a COVID-19 outbreak in your community, stay home as much as possible to further reduce your risk of being exposed. I have a chronic medical condition that puts me at increased risk for severe illness from COVID-19, even though I'm only in my 30s. What can I do to reduce my risk? You can take steps to lower your risk of getting infected in the first place: As much as possible, limit contact with people outside your family. Maintain enough distance (six feet or more) between yourself and anyone outside your family. Wash your hands often with soap and warm water for 20 to 30 seconds. As best you can, avoid touching your eyes, nose, or mouth. Stay away from people who are sick. During a COVID-19 outbreak in your community, stay home as much as possible to further reduce your risk of being exposed. Clean and disinfect high-touch surfaces in your home, such as counters, tabletops, doorknobs, bathroom fixtures, toilets, phones, keyboards, tablets, and bedside tables, every day. In addition, do your best to keep your condition well-controlled. That means following your doctor's recommendations including taking medications as directed. If possible, get a 90-day supply of your prescription medications and request that they be mailed to you so you don't have to go to the pharmacy to pick them up.Call your doctor for additional advice specific to your condition.I have asthma. If I get COVID-19, am I more likely to become seriously ill? Yes, asthma may increase your risk of getting very sick from COVID-19. However, you can take steps to lower your risk of getting infected in the first place. These include social distancing.washing your hands often with soap and warm water for 20 to 30 seconds. not touching your eyes, nose or mouth. staying away from people who are sick.In addition, you should continue to take your asthma medicines as prescribed to keep your asthma under control. If you do get sick, follow your asthma action plan and call your doctor. I'm taking a medication that suppresses my immune system. Should I stop taking it so I have less chance of getting sick from the coronavirus?If you contract the virus, your response to it will depend on many factors, only one of which is taking medication that suppresses your immune system. In addition, stopping the medication on your own could cause your underlying condition to get worse. Most importantly, don't make this decision on your own. It's always best not to adjust the dose or stop taking a prescription medication without first talking to the doctor who prescribed the medication.I heard that certain blood pressure medicines might worsen symptoms of COVID-19. Should I stop taking my medication now just in case I do get infected? Should I stop if I develop symptoms of COVID-19? You are referring to angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors and angiotensin receptor blockers (ARBs), two types of medications used primarily to treat high blood pressure (hypertension) and heart disease. Doctors also prescribe these medicines for people who have protein in their urine, a common problem in people with diabetes. At this time, the American Heart Association (AHA), the American College of Cardiology (ACC), and the Heart Failure Society of America (HFSA) strongly recommend that people taking these medications should continue to do so, even if they become infected.Here's how this concern got started. Researchers doing animal studies on a different coronavirus (the SARS coronavirus from the early 2000s) found that certain sites on lung cells called ACE-2 receptors appeared to help the SARS virus enter the lungs and cause pneumonia. ACE inhibitor and ARB drugs raised ACE-2 receptor levels in the animals. Could this mean people taking these drugs are more susceptible to COVID-19 infection and are more likely to get pneumonia? The reality today: Human studies have not confirmed the findings in animal studies. Some studies suggest that ACE inhibitors and ARBs may reduce lung injury in people with other viral pneumonias. The same might be true of pneumonia caused by the COVID-19 virus.Stopping your ACE inhibitor or ARB could actually put you at greater risk of complications from the infection, since it's likely that your blood pressure will rise and heart problems would get worse.The bottom line: The AHA, ACC, and HFSA strongly recommend continuing to take ACE inhibitor or ARB medications, even if you get sick with COVID-19. I live with my children and grandchildren. What can I do to reduce the risk of getting sick when caring for my grandchildren? In a situation where there is no choice — such as if the grandparent lives with the grandchildren — then the family should do everything they can to try to limit the risk of COVID-19. The grandchildren should be isolated as much as possible, as should the parents, so that the overall family risk is as low as possible. Everyone should wash their hands very frequently throughout the day, and surfaces should be wiped clean frequently. Physical contact should be limited to the absolutely necessary; as wonderful as it can be to snuggle with Grandma or Grandpa, now is not the time.|1
At an emergency meeting in Beijing held last Friday, Chinese leader Xi Jinping spoke about the need to contain the coronavirus and set up a system to prevent similar epidemics in the future.A national system to control biosecurity risks must be put in place “to protect the people’s health,” Xi said, because lab safety is a “national security” issue.Xi didn’t actually admit that the coronavirus now devastating large swathes of China had escaped from one of the country’s bioresearch labs. But the very next day, evidence emerged suggesting that this is exactly what happened, as the Chinese Ministry of Science and Technology released a new directive entitled: “Instructions on strengthening biosecurity management in microbiology labs that handle advanced viruses like the novel coronavirus.”Read that again. It sure sounds like China has a problem keeping dangerous pathogens in test tubes where they belong, doesn’t it? And just how many “microbiology labs” are there in China that handle “advanced viruses like the novel coronavirus”?It turns out that in all of China there is only one. And this one is located in the Chinese city of Wuhan that just happens to be . . . the epicenter of the epidemic.That’s right. China’s only Level 4 microbiology lab that is equipped to handle deadly coronaviruses, called the National Biosafety Laboratory, is part of the Wuhan Institute of Virology.What’s more, the People’s Liberation Army’s top expert in biological warfare, a Maj. Gen. Chen Wei, was dispatched to Wuhan at the end of January to help with the effort to contain the outbreak.According to the PLA Daily, Gen. Chen has been researching coronaviruses since the SARS outbreak of 2003, as well as Ebola and anthrax. This would not be her first trip to the Wuhan Institute of Virology either, since it is one of only two bioweapons research labs in all of China.Does that suggest to you that the novel coronavirus, now known as SARS-CoV-2, may have escaped from that very lab, and that Gen. Chen’s job is to try and put the genie back in the bottle, as it were? It does to me.Add to this China’s history of similar incidents. Even the deadly SARS virus has escaped — twice — from the Beijing lab where it was — and probably is — being used in experiments. Both “man-made” epidemics were quickly contained, but neither would have happened at all if proper safety precautions had been taken.And then there is this little-known fact: Some Chinese researchers are in the habit of selling their laboratory animals to street vendors after they have finished experimenting on them.You heard me right.Instead of properly disposing of infected animals by cremation, as the law requires, they sell them on the side to make a little extra cash. Or, in some cases, a lot of extra cash. One Beijing researcher, now in jail, made a million dollars selling his monkeys and rats on the live animal market, where they eventually wound up in someone’s stomach.Also fueling suspicions about SARS-CoV-2’s origins is the series of increasingly lame excuses offered by the Chinese authorities as people began to sicken and die.They first blamed a seafood market not far from the Institute of Virology, even though the first documented cases of Covid-19 (the illness caused by SARS-CoV-2) involved people who had never set foot there. Then they pointed to snakes, bats and even a cute little scaly anteater called a pangolin as the source of the virus.I don’t buy any of this. It turns out that snakes don’t carry coronaviruses and that bats aren’t sold at a seafood market. Neither are pangolins, for that matter, an endangered species valued for their scales as much as for their meat.The evidence points to SARS-CoV-2 research being carried out at the Wuhan Institute of Virology. The virus may have been carried out of the lab by an infected worker or crossed over into humans when they unknowingly dined on a lab animal. Whatever the vector, Beijing authorities are now clearly scrambling to correct the serious problems with the way their labs handle deadly pathogens.China has unleashed a plague on its own people. It’s too early to say how many in China and other countries will ultimately die for the failures of their country’s state-run microbiology labs, but the human cost will be high.But not to worry. Xi has assured us that he is controlling biosecurity risks “to protect the people’s health.” PLA bioweapons experts are in charge.I doubt the Chinese people will find that very reassuring. Neither should we.|0
We still don't fully understand how the new coronavirus spreads, but we're learning more every day.The new coronavirus has upended all of our usual calculus about seemingly ordinary activities. Is running past someone on the street safe? How about shopping in a grocery store with a 6-foot (2 meters) distance? And what about packages and takeout? And which of these activities poses the biggest risk?Unfortunately, there's a lot we still don't know about the way the virus that causes COVID-19 spreads."At this point, I don't think anyone can take a group of people with COVID, say how each person has become infected, and then say that xx% got infected with droplets and yy% got infected via touching surfaces," Dr. Jeffrey N. Martin, a professor in the Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics at the University of California, San Francisco, told Live Science in an email. "I don't think this kind of study has ever been done for any infection. In most individual persons, we do not know how the person got infected."Respiratory transmission. While the basic outlines of disease transmission have not been upended by COVID-19, there are some nuances that could play an important role in the spread of the disease. From the beginning, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) have said that SARS-CoV-2 is a respiratory virus, and as such, it is mainly transmitted between people through "respiratory droplets" when symptomatic people sneeze or cough. This idea, that large droplets of virus-laden mucus are the primary mode of transmission, guides the CDC's advice to maintain at least a 6-foot distance between you and other people. The thinking is that gravity causes those large droplets (which are bigger than about .0002 inches, or 5 microns, in size) to fall to the ground within a distance of 6 feet from the infected person.But that 6-foot guideline is more of a ballpark estimate than a hard and fast rule, said Josh Santarpia, the research director of Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Program at the University of Nebraska's National Strategic Research Institute."There really isn't anything magic about standing 6 feet away from someone that you are interacting with directly. If you stand talking to someone who is infected with the virus, whether it's 3 feet or 6 feet, there is going to be some risk of infection," Santarpia told Live Science in an email. That's because even large respiratory droplets can travel fairly far if the airflow conditions are right, Santarpia said.And some experts believe the 6-foot rule is based on outdated information."6 feet is probably not safe enough. The 3-6 foot rule is based on a few studies from the 1930s and 1940s, which have since been shown to be wrong — droplets can travel farther than 6 feet," said Raina MacIntyre, a principal research fellow and professor of global biosecurity, who heads the Biosecurity Program at the Kirby Institute, in Australia. "Yet hospital infection control experts continue to believe this rule. It's like the flat Earth theory — anyone who tries to discuss the actual evidence is shouted down by a chorus of believers.”Another complicating factor is that at least 25% of the people who are transmitting the virus may be asymptomatic at the time, said Dr. Robert Redfield, director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Live Science previously reported. That suggests coughs and sneezes aren't necessary to transmit the virus, though it's not clear whether simply breathing spreads the virus, or whether talking is required.Aerosol transmissionIn order for the virus to be spread without being coughed or sneezed in large drops of mucus, it has to somehow be able to suspend in the air for long enough to infect passersby. And that’s another complicating factor in figuring out transmission: People emit virus particles in a range of sizes, and some are small enough to be considered aerosols, or fine particles that can stay suspended in the air for hours and can travel with air currents across tens of feet. A study published March 17 in the New England Journal of Medicine found that virus particles that were aerosolized could remain viable for up to 3 hours.What's not clear from this data is whether the virus is commonly transmitted via aerosols, or how long the virus remains infectious in aerosols in real-world settings. In that study, researchers used an extremely high concentration of virus particles, which may not reflect those shed by people with the disease."To my knowledge, there is no definitive evidence of transmission where aerosol was the only possible route," Santarpia told Live Science. For instance, even someone who's not sneezing may emit respiratory droplets when talking, because people may spit when talking, and those droplets could be deposited on surfaces.One case study is suggestive however; a choir group in Skagit, Washington, met for a two-hour practice in early March. No one was symptomatic, so singers weren’t coughing or sneezing out infected droplets. And everyone kept their distance. But when all was said and done, 45 people became infected with COVID-19 and at least two people died from the virus, the Los Angeles Times reported. That suggested the viral particles were shed as aerosols by someone, before being inhaled or otherwise acquired by other choir members. A 2019 study in the journal Nature Scientific Reports found that people emit more aerosol particles when talking, and that louder speech volumes correlate to more aerosol particles being emitted. Fight against online child sexual abuse this National Children’s Day with the National Crime.That case, along with those studies, suggest that the virus can be routinely transmitted via aerosols, though other routes of transmission (such as large droplets being emitted during singing or speech) are still possible explanations. In the 2003 SARS outbreak, aerosol transmission occurred during hospital procedures that generated large volumes of aerosols, such as intubation. Contact transmission.There's one other route that's thought to play a role in the spread of COVID-19: contact transmission. In that situation, viral particles emitted from the respiratory tract of an infected individual land on a surface. Then, another person touches that object, then touches their nose, mouth or eyes. The virus then sneaks into the body via the mucous membranes, infecting the second person. So far, no one knows how common this mode of transmission is, but it does seem to be possible. One study found that SARS-CoV-2 could remain viable on surfaces such as cardboard for up to 24 hours, and on plastic and steel for 2 to 3 days. Santarpia has studied viral surface contamination in the context of patients hospitalized with COVID-19 at the University of Nebraska Medical Center. In that study, which was published March 26 on the preprint database medRxiv, Santarpia and his colleagues found viral contamination in air samples, on surfaces such as toilets, and on frequently touched surfaces. Also on March 26, the CDC published a report on the coronavirus-stricken Diamond Princess cruise ship. An investigative team found traces of RNA from SARS-CoV-2 on surfaces throughout the cruise ship, in the cabins of both symptomatic and asymptomatic infected passengers, up to 17 days later — though no evidence suggests this viral RNA was still infectious. SARS-CoV-2 is an RNA virus, meaning its main genetic material is RNA, not DNA. Another case report published by the CDC — this time from Singapore — also suggests contact with contaminated surfaces can transmit the virus. In that case, a person who was infected with SARS-CoV-2, but not yet symptomatic, attended a church service. Later in the day, another person sat in the same seat, and also came down with COVID-19. Whether the virus was contracted via a contaminated surface, or potentially a lingering aerosol, however, couldn't be ascertained.Is food safe?So far, there's no evidence that the virus is transmitted via food. The virus will not live long in food proper, and while it's possible that food packaging from groceries or takeout could contain small concentrations of virus particles, it is easy to mitigate this risk by washing your hands after handling groceries or takeout,Ben Chapman, a professor and food safety specialist at North Carolina State University, previously told Live Science.Related: How to shop for groceries during the COVID-19 pandemic.The takeaway?The fact that so many seemingly innocuous activities can transmit the virus can be scary. And it can be even scarier not knowing the actual risks associated with each transmission route — without that information, how can we take the right steps to protect ourselves?But ultimately, there's some reassurance in the data as well."What is true is that persons who have a member of their household infected with the virus have a higher probability of getting infected with COVID than people who do not have a member of their household infected. This tells us a lot. This tells us that close contact is the most important factor," Martin said.Briefly passing a person on the street, at a distance of 6 feet, is likely to pose a low risk of infection, Martin said. Chatting at a distance of 6 feet with that same person for a few hours will be higher risk, he said. Ultimately, social distancing is a powerful tool to cut all the hypothesized routes of transmission, experts said."If the other person is shedding virus into the air, the longer you stand near them, the greater the chance you have to be exposed to the virus," Linsey Marr, who studies the transport of air pollutants in the department of Civil and Environmental Engineering at Virginia Tech, told Live Science.|1
Coronaviruses are an extremely common cause of colds and other upper respiratory infections.|1
Microsoft says Bill Gates is stepping down from the company's board. Did he get caught for helping the Communists engineer the Wuhan virus panic? Gates & President Xi appear pretty chummy.JERRY FALWELL: "Could the virus be the "Christmas gift" that Communist leader Kim Jong-un promised to America?" Very likely!President Trump closed America's borders to Communist China on January 31.  7 weeks LATER, Europe is FINALLY doing the same. What took so long? Merkel is a research chemist & quantum physicist & knows virus. She either knew it wasn't a threat or didn't care.Trump's task force announced a new vaccine for Wuhan virus is ready for testing in clinical trial. The fastest rollout in history. 13 others are working on treatments or vaccines.The FDA approved the Roche Wuhan virus test that is 10 times faster than the current test.  Trump cutting all unnecessary regulations.The CDC is recommending that public gatherings of 10 or more people over the next 8 weeks be POSTPONED or CANCELLED. Why? To stop "foreign" contamination by carriers.Biden tweeted it's safe for healthy people to vote on Tuesday but older people should vote by absentee ballot! So it's OK for young people to go out & spread virus to others before they are tested? That's not what Biden said last week!  As I mentioned, this is the Democrats' "absentee ballot rigging" plan.House testimony reveals Democrats & scientific "experts" told Trump NOT to stop travel from China in January. He did it anyway!We were told CPAC had an "infected" attendee in close contact with dozens - yet nobody else tested positive. Was it even real?Text message rumors of a national quarantine are FAKE. There is NO national lockdown. Another Communist disinformation campaign.Are Democrats ALSO hyping fear to STOP Census takers going door to door to validate 2020 Census responses so we use Obama's rigged numbers? Replies to the Census are due by the end of March. If you don't reply, a Census taker will come to your door. What if this is another scheme to STOP that?Market fell 3000 points on 3/16 after dozens of nations close their borders and Trump declares this could last for months. TRUMP: "Best thing I can do for stock market is get through this crisis. Once virus is gone, market will go up like never before."Experts say Wuhan virus carriers spread infection for 2 months before Communist China informed WHO & CDC of problem.Modeling shows that if Communist China had alerted the CDC of their first virus case in November, instead of two months later, they would have reduced global transmission & death by 80%.BIRX: Many tests used in other countries to report the # of Wuhan virus cases have high rates of FALSE POSITIVES. We don't trust their numbers. The fatality rate OUTSIDE of Wuhan is .7% - significantly LESS than what the Communist Party reported for Hubei province.PRESIDENT TRUMP: Our goal is to get RID of the Wuhan virus in America & limit deaths. Markets will take care of themselves.MNUCHIN: We intend to keep the markets open. Americans need access to their money. They will NOT be shut down like after 9/11. We want ALL states to make sure they keep the drive through options at banks, markets, restaurants & pharmacies OPEN.HUGE! Mike Pompeo trashed the leadership of Iran and called them Communist China's "accomplices" in spreading the Wuhan virus!China is kicking American reporters out of the country due to Wuhan virus. Further proof that Communist China has a lot to hide!Models show that 86% of Wuhan virus carriers NEVER get sick or have symptoms, yet they easily transmit the HIDDEN virus to others!  That's why the virus is so insidious and contagious because people don't know they have it and transmit it to others. That's why we need to isolate.While they distracted us with impeachment, they unleashed the virus and created a narrative to destroy Trump's economy. The only tactic they had left. Just like they unleashed the SWINE FLU virus in 2009 to infect 61 million & kill 12,469 to convince the US to pass OBAMACARE!  Communist China quietly bought up the world's supply of respirators & masks in 24 hours, on the cheap, to price gouge the planet!Staff at Seattle nursing home, in Gates' backyard, where half the US deaths are from, SPREAD virus to other facilities in Washington!Democrats are calling on Trump to SUSPEND sanctions & tariffs on nations like Communist China, Russia & Iran to help our enemies!PRESIDENT TRUMP: "This virus is very contagious. It spreads violently. It spreads very fast. Nobody's seen anything like this."PRESIDENT TRUMP: "There will be a comeback very quickly as soon as this is solved. It will be solved. We will win."PRESIDENT TRUMP: "The virus came from China. I want to be accurate. Some people could say it was somebody's fault."Bill Gates' father is a "depopulation" advocate who sat on boards of Costco, Pacific Health, Planned Parenthood & World Justice!Chinese labs discovered the new virus in late December but were ordered by the Communist Party to destroy samples & cover it up.PRESIDENT TRUMP: The virus came from China. China said it came from the US Army! I'm not going to let them get away with that lie.President Trump announced we are "at WAR against the Chinese Virus" implying it was an intentional ACT of WAR against the US & invoked the DEFENSE POWERS ACT.Why did the Commies unleash SWINE FLU in 2009 to infect 61 million & kill 12,469? To convince the US to pass OBAMACARE! It worked!REPORTER: Tom Cotton is saying China should be punished for inflicting this virus on the American people. Do you agree?TRUMP: I have a lot of respect for Tom Cotton. I know exactly what he's been saying. We'll see.REPORTER: The Wall Street Journal reports that you are writing an Executive Order calling for an investigation into how this virus started. Is that true?TRUMP: I have not seen that article.IN OTHER WORDS, YES AND YES.Communist China ORDERED its scientists to "win the race" to develop a vaccine. I'm guessing they already have one! Will use it as leverage. SCACommunist China announced they have NO new cases in Wuhan. What do you bet they killed off dissidents & vaccinated the rest?I suggest EVERYONE turn off the news & watch the President's daily press conferences.  There's NO BETTER source for truth.Rick Wilson, a Never Trump "GOP strategist" who used to work for Jeb Bush & Carly Fiorina, tweeted he hopes Melania is infected.President Trump is hand-selecting the most venomous reporters for his Wuhan virus press conferences to show Americans how much the media hates us!Muhammad Masood, 28, a Pakistani doctor here on a Work Visa at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota, was planning ISIS terror attacks! What else is our enemy planning as we are distracted with Wuhan virus?Bloomberg spent $500 Million attacking Trump, but laid off hundreds of staffers due to Wuhan virus that he promised to pay through November. Hypocrite!New polls show 55-60% of Americans approve of President Trump’s job on the Wuhan virus.Due to the media's fear mongering, 79% fear catching it.China's Communist Party is now calling Wuhan virus a TRUMPANDEMIC! Who do think the American people will side with, Trump or Xi?VICTOR DAVIS HANSON: “China knew that this virus was not only epidemic but infectious and could be deadly to older people. They didn’t tell anybody. They didn’t tell us. In fact, they did something far worse -- they accused us of causing it and then they threatened to cut off supplies of medical needs and pharmaceuticals."Can we freeze the US assets/properties of Chinese Communist Party officials who did this & wipe their TRILLION $ debt from the books?President Trump says he's OK with forbidding corporate buybacks as a condition of bailing out airlines, cruise & hotel industries.HUGE: 90% of those in US with symptoms have a FLU or COLD virus OTHER than Wuhan. 50% of Wuhan cases are in 3 states & 10 counties.Obama's REGULATIONS only allowed 3M to distribute 15% of their mask production to hospitals! No wonder there were shortages.PENCE: 3M in Minnesota has the capability to produce 35 MILLION masks per month but FORMER regulations only allowed them to distribute 5 MILLION of the 35 MILLION masks to hospitals. We got RID of those obstacles last night with new legislation.IMHO, the Communist Party of China used what, we in marketing, call the hub/spoke concept of transmission. They barricaded the landlocked city of Wuhan to keep their PEOPLE IN and protect the rest of China, while allowing virus carriers to FLY OUT and infect the world. PURE EVIL.How many members of Congress knew of the Communist's Wuhan virus scheme and sold off stocks before the market started crashing? So far, there are accusations against Feinstein, Burr & Loeffler. None proven.Former FEMA chief walked off MSNBC when they starting spinning for China: "I don’t have to sit & listen to these bull***t people.”A mob of teenagers in Kenya surrounded a man and beat him to death because he was suspected of having Wuhan Virus.TRUMP: The CEO of Carnival Cruise Lines contacted me and offered the use of his ships for medical purposes should we need them.Jie Li, a Chinese national who worked for Biogen, spread Wuhan virus at a Boston conference, hid her fever at the LA airport & FLED to China.40% of the 256 cases of Wuhan virus in Massachusetts are tied to ONE Chinese national who infected Biogen’s meeting at a Boston Marriott.Wuhan virus cases in Indiana, Tennessee & North Carolina ALL came from exposure at this ONE Biogen Conference in Boston.Seattle, Los Angeles, Boston, Northern Italy & New York were ALL infected by 30-ish Chinese virus carriers who flew in directly from Wuhan or Iran!TRUMP: We're asking leaders to join us & save lives. We can bring our finances back quickly. We can't bring the people back.PENCE: The risk of complications from the Wuhan virus is very low but it spreads fast & is about 3 times as contagious as the flu.It appears most transmission comes from INFECTED HARD SURFACES and thankfully the virus dies on most SURFACES within days.Experts say the global 1918 flu pandemic that killed 50 million also started in China. Most flu viruses originate there.Maybe the Wuhan flu is the wake up call that America needs. Imagine the money, time and human life we would save by closing our borders and rethinking our immigration policies.Each year up to 20% of the US population is infected with flu imported from China, resulting in 31.4 million outpatient visits, 200,000 hospitalizations and up to 80,000 deaths. That translates to $55 BILLION each year in medical costs, lost earnings and lost productivity.Amazon is hiring 100,000 workers, Kroger is hiring 200,000 & Walmart is hiring 150,000, at higher wage, as shoppers surge.It's been 2 weeks since California voted & 458,000 ballots STILL haven't been counted. Takes a long time to rig votes in the 3rd world during a pandemic.Trump administration announced Tax Day will be moved from April 15 to July 15. All taxpayers and businesses will have this additional time to file and make payments without interest or penalties. If you are owned a refund, file now to get your money.The Communist Party of China says THEIR stock market is doing fine so invest in China instead of the US. Send money NOW! LIES. The Communist Party is on the verge of collapse. China's economy is down 76% & ready to implode. They will DO & SAY ANYTHING.Communists provided WHO with the DNA sequence of Wuhan virus the DAY BEFORE the 1st person died in China. MORE PROOF THEY MADE IT and likely have a vaccine!Communist China is saying it's WRONG for Trump to want to start moving prescription drug manufacturing back to the US from China. They want to be able to strangle our medical supply again in the future. NO FREAKING WAY.POMPEO: All non-essential travel will stop between the US, Canada & Mexico & all Americans should avoid international travel.Hillary, Biden, Klobuchar & Wyden have all called for TOTAL VOTE BY MAIL. Told ya. THIS IS THEIR PLAN TO RIG ABSENTEE BALLOTS in the general.Washington State is TOTAL vote-by-mail & Bill Gates' home. That's why they're choking BLUE, flooded with Antifa & GROUND ZERO for Wuhan virus.TRUMP: The CDC has given Border Patrol the AUTHORITY & TOOLS to STOP all transmission across our northern & southern borders!TRUMP: Infected foreigners are flying to Mexico & Canada, and then trying to sneak into America. That must stop to protect our continent.DHS: Asylum seekers with NO documents, from over 120 infected countries, are arriving at both US borders. THEY WILL NOT BE LET IN.POMPEO: Disinformation is being spread on social media by Communist actors saying the virus came from the US Army. Russia, Communist China & Iran are coordinating efforts to disparage & blame the American people & create widespread panic.POMPEO: I have seen the media report my statements WILDLY INACCURATELY many times. They have a responsibility to TELL THE TRUTH.How can China calculate a fatality rate for the Wuhan virus in the 80+ age group when people were simply left to die with no food? They can't. The Bank of China was caught laundering money in Italy so the Communists created a social media campaign called "Hug a Chinese" to shame Italians as "racist." It worked to spread the virus fast!Why was Italy heavily infected with virus? Because they lie about their death rate. Because they partnered with Communist China on 5G and their One Belt One Road scheme. |0
Cash can be contaminated with potential bacterial pathogens, but there is little information about viruses on cash in general—and nothing about contamination with SARS-CoV-2, the virus that causes COVID-19.SARS-CoV-2 is spread by person-to-person contact—not normally by touching fomites (objects that may be contaminated with, and help transmit, infectious organisms) like cash. And, it’s unclear how long COVID-19 remains viable on surfaces—ranging from a few minutes to hours to potentially days depending on the temperature, humidity and surface type. Switching from cash to plastic has not been proven more protective, either, except perhaps by reducing person-to person hand exposure.Some countries are washing or disinfecting cash, but there is no data demonstrating how this process works. The best practice is social distancing: limiting person-to-person contact by shutting down schools, bars, and other crowded places. That is what will slow infections, prevent health care systems from overloading, and reduce deaths. That is why everyone should do their part and embrace social distancing rather than worrying about using money or credit cards.|1
Fear is one of the most powerful tools the elites have at their disposal. Using the mainstream media, politicians and others who want world domination can inject fear into the public at the drop of a hat, making them easy to manipulate and control.Aristotle once said: “He who has overcome his fears will truly be free.” Fear is a powerful weapon, and it’s been used globally for the past few months.  People have shown that the instant the media tells them to live a life scared in their homes, they will comply in order to “stay safe.” Whether the virus is real or not, is not the point.  The elitists must keep the public in a constant state of panic in order to control them. Unafraid and compassionate people are impossible to control.Unfortunately and unsurprisingly, the propaganda was injected into schools to eliminate critical thinking.At school, we were taught to think in certain ways. They taught us what to think, but not how to develop our thinking. And everyone was taught the same. If we thought in different ways than our classmates, teachers would tell us we are bad students. They would give us bad grades and might even expel us from school. Therefore, as students we learned to compromise our thinking so as to get away with trouble. –The Bounded Spirit.The other hard truth most will not like to hear is that if you are still stuck in the left vs. right paradigm, you still haven’t figured any of it out yet. Left vs. right only exists to give us the illusion of choice.  It’s time to question what we’ve been programmed to think, and it should start there. The fear of not electing the right candidate drives people to polls to vote for evil every year. (The lesser of two evils is still evil.) Politicians are being elected by persuading the masses through the use of fear while journalists influence public opinion by terrorizing people’s minds.Fear is the best weapon of all great manipulators. It can move people to do anything, no matter how nonsensical it is.  Take, for example, the COVID-19 scam.  People are still terrified of a virus that even the government has admitted isn’t any worse than the flu.  Why? Because the media, the government’s lapdog, is telling them they still need to be afraid. The elites have learned to manipulate the public’s emotions to their advantage. With global media corporations in place, controlled and operated BY the elite, they can amplify that fear quite easily. Turn on the news, open a newspaper and you’ll see this.We have been taught to be distrustful of the mind, however, and of our thoughts. This has been by design and has been perpetuated through society by the elite of this world who understand the power of thought and the nature of the mind. In fact, most of us have been through a long period of mind-programming since we were born to separate our mind from itself so that it does not know or experience this truth. –With One Breath.Obey. That is the name of the game of control. And controlled you are if you do not recognize how innately powerful, creative, and safe you really are. This life is not all you are, but it is everything you’ve been taught to believe.Our emotions are energy and they all have a frequency. The closer you are to the bottom, the easier it will be to manipulate you into obeying and complying with tyranny.“‘I’m more powerful than them and they KNOW IT.’ And within minutes of the interview ending, they were proving me right. Here they are, this cult that I will explain, that control the mainstream media, my God, has that been any more obvious than in the last few weeks?” -SHTFPlan (the video in this article has been deleted and this article has been shadowbanned.Icke was discussing the easy way to beat “the cult” as he calls it, the elitists, the government, the establishment, the ones who want to control you and enslave you.  He says living life in compassion and love and doing the right and moral thing will be the fall of the ruling class.Free yourself by living a life free of fear. Take up critical thinking. Question what you’ve been told.  Believe you are powerful because you are. Stop looking to others for answers and look to yourself.  Find what resonates with you and speak your truth.|0
While American Leftists and most of the Democrat Party continue to serve as apologists for the Chinese Communist regime over its role in creating and then perpetuating the coronavirus pandemic, a new U.S. government analysis concludes that COVID-19 “most likely” escaped from a lab near Wuhan city.The Washington Times reports that the analysis cataloged evidence linking the outbreak to the Wuhan lab and has found that other explanations for the origins of the virus are not as credible. The paper reported:The document, compiled from open sources and not a finished product, says there is no smoking gun to blame the virus on either the Wuhan Institute of Virology or the Wuhan branch of the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention, both located in the city where the first outbreaks were reported.However, “there is circumstantial evidence to suggest such may be the case,” the paper says.“All other possible places of the virus’ origin have been proven to be highly unlikely,” said the report, a copy of which was obtained by the Times.ChiCom officials have claimed that the virus’ origin is unknown. However, Beijing initially stated that coronavirus came from animals at a “wet market” in Wuhan where exotic meats are butchered and sold in disgusting conditions. Chinese officials claim that COVID-19 went from bats to animals sold in the market last year, then infected humans. U.S. intelligence officials have increasingly dismissed that explanation, however, as attention has begun to focus on evidence suggesting that Chinese medical researchers were working with coronavirus in the country’s only Level 4 facility, which is in Wuhan. U.S. Army Gen. Mark A. Milley, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, has said that intelligence agencies are investigating whether the virus escaped from a lab or was the result of a naturally occurring outbreak, but that analysts have ruled out reports that COVID-19 was manmade.‘The most logical place to investigate the virus origin has been completely sealed off’“At this point, it’s inconclusive, although the weight of evidence seems to indicate natural,” the general said on April 14, “but we don’t know for certain.”The analysis said that the wet market explanation does not ring true because the first human diagnosis of coronavirus was made in someone who had no connection to the wet market in question. And according to Chinese reports, no bats were sold at that particular market.At the same time, several questionable actions and a growing paper trail provide clues that the virus actually escaped from a lab, even as China begins to clamp down on those information streams. (Related: Explosive new Health Ranger presentation streams live May 15 – 16: The Depopulation Trifecta: Coronavirus, vaccines and 5G.)“The most logical place to investigate the virus origin has been completely sealed off from outside inquiry by the CCP,” the document states, a reference to the Chinese Communist Party. “A gag order to both places was issued on Jan. 1, 2020, and a major general from the PLA who is China’s top military microbiologist essentially took over the [Wuhan Institute of Virology] since mid-January,” it says. Another lab is also under scrutiny by U.S. officials, the Times reported. Both have done extensive research on bat coronaviruses, including those similar to the molecular makeup of COVID-19.The Times adds: Among the most significant circumstantial evidence identified in the report are the activities of Shi Zhengli, a leader in bat coronavirus research with the Wuhan Institute of Virology, China’s only high-security, level four research laboratory.Ms. Shi has been involved in bioengineering bat coronaviruses, and a medical doctor named Wu Xiaohua launched an online campaign to expose Ms. Shi’s work.There are plenty of skeptics, however, most of them Democrats and Big Tech billionaires who are looking for any way they can to excuse China and blame the Trump administration for the pandemic.But the facts keep leading serious analysts back to China and, specifically, Wuhan city.|0
CORONAVIRUS : SCIENTISTS SAY IT'S A BIO WEAPON LEAKED FROM WUHAN LAB !|0
Emerging reports have suggested further links between China and anti-Trump groups in the U.S. One America’s Kristian Rouz examines the claims.The U.S. intelligence agencies are continuing a probe into the origins of COVID-19 amid mounting evidence of a globalist conspiracy to establish sweeping population control.The entire Intelligence Community has been consistently providing critical support to U.S. policymakers and those responding to the COVID-19 virus, which originated in China. The Intelligence Community also concurs with the wide scientific consensus that the COVID-19 virus was not manmade or genetically modified.As we do in all crises, the Community's experts respond by surging resources and producing critical intelligence on issues vital to U.S. national security. The IC will continue to rigorously examine emerging information and intelligence to determine whether the outbreak began through contact with infected animals or if it was the result of an accident at a laboratory in Wuhan.The virus has triggered devastating lockdowns across the advanced economies and in this situation, experts say whoever controls the cure may control the future of humanity.And while the media, Democrats, and the deep state continue to dismiss hydroxychloroquine as a likely cure, they are pushing for a failed Ebola drug remdesivir instead.Recent reports claim the remdesivir patent is controlled by mainland China, Bill Gates, and the WHO, while the Clintons may have a stake in it as well.The entire cover-up is allegedly backed by globalist billionaire George Soros. Such allegations have been dismissed by the mainstream media and China as a conspiracy theory, saying California-based Gilead owns the patent for remdesivir. But, Gilead itself was reported as saying if it uses its own drug, it would get into legal trouble with China.China reportedly holds part of the remdesivir patent through the UN agency Unitaid, whose main donor since 2006 is the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. Separately, the Clinton Foundation also worked with Unitaid on the 100-million-dollar project to study HIV/AIDS in the past. Unitaid also has offices near the Chinese bio-weapons lab in Wuhan, which top Republicans suspect was funded by none other than Dr. Anthony Fauci and the NIH.That was fooling around with this virus. Despite that, Dr. Fauci gave $3.7 million to the Wuhan laboratory. We paid for it. We paid for the damn virus that's killing us.This is not about COVID or about a virus. This is about gaining control over the human race and limiting population. Limited population with a virus that was created in a lab and funded by the United States of America, by several people in the United States of America, along with other countries.The U.S. and its Five Eyes intel partners point out COVID-19 broke out shortly after President Trump forced China into a phase-one trade deal to reduce Chinese control of the U.S. economy. Now that China may be striking back, there is concern that the deep state, Democrat cabal, and the Big Pharma are working to derail President Trump's reelection and force the American people into total submission and control.|0
We have listened with concern to voices erroneously suggesting that herd immunity may “soon slow the spread” of COVID-19. For example, Rush Limbaugh recently claimed that “herd immunity has occurred in California.” As infectious disease epidemiologists, we wish to state clearly that herd immunity against COVID-19 will not be achieved at a population level in 2020, barring a public health catastrophe.Although more than 2.5 million confirmed cases of COVID-19 have been reported worldwide, studies suggest that (as of early April 2020) no more than 2-4%3–5 of any country’s population has been infected with SARS-CoV-2 (the coronavirus that causes COVID-19). Even in hotspots like New York City that have been hit hardest by the pandemic, initial studies suggest that perhaps 15-21%, of people have been exposed so far. In getting to that level of exposure, more than 17,500 of the 8.4 million people in New York City (about 1 in every 500 New Yorkers) have died, with the overall death rate in the city suggesting deaths may be undercounted and mortality may be even higher.Some have entertained the idea of “controlled voluntary infection,” akin to the “chickenpox parties” of the 1980s. However, COVID-19 is 100 times more lethal than the chickenpox. For example, on the Diamond Princess cruise ship, the mortality rate among those infected with SARS-CoV-2 was 1%. Someone who goes to a “coronavirus party” to get infected would not only be substantially increasing their own chance of dying in the next month, they would also be putting their families and friends at risk. COVID-19 is now the leading cause of death in the United States, killing almost 2,000 Americans every day. Chickenpox never killed more than 150 Americans in a year.To reach herd immunity for COVID-19, likely 70% or more of the population would need to be immune. Without a vaccine, over 200 million Americans would have to get infected before we reach this threshold. Put another way, even if the current pace of the COVID-19 pandemic continues in the United States – with over 25,000 confirmed cases a day – it will be well into 2021 before we reach herd immunity. If current daily death rates continue, over half a million Americans would be dead from COVID-19 by that time.As we discuss when and how to phase in re-opening,10 it is important to understand how vulnerable we remain. Increased testing will help us better understand the scope of infection, but it is clear this pandemic is still only beginning to unfold.|1
Ebola, SARS, swine flu, MERS. With the reality that a previously unknown animal virus has started infecting people, the world faces a recurring question: What does one call it? The pneumonia-causing virus, which is spreading rapidly in China and beyond, is currently being identified as 2019-nCoV, shorthand for a novel or new (i.e. “n”) coronavirus (CoV) that was first detected in 2019. The disease it causes doesn’t yet have a name, either, though Wuhan SARS or Wu Flu are among of the options being thrown around on the internet. None of these is likely to be the virus’ or the disease’s permanent name. They almost certainly would be unacceptable to the Chinese, and to the World Health Organization, which discourages the use of place names in the naming of diseases. As for the virus, the longer it spreads the less novel it becomes. 2019-nCoV is a bit like calling a daughter “the girl born in 2019.” Given that another daughter might be born in 2021, a name that might more easily distinguish between the two is probably in order. So how to name it? And who gets to name it? So how to name it? And who gets to name it? Traditionally naming rights actually belong to the scientists who first isolate a virus, who will at some point propose a name to a study group of the International Committee on Taxonomy of Viruses, said Ralph Baric, a coronavirus expert who sits on that panel. That group’s next scheduled meeting is in May. It’s possible the WHO could work in conjunction with the committee to name the new virus. Ron Fouchier, a Dutch virologist who knows a thing or two about virus naming controversies, said he contacted the former chair of the coronavirus study group on Wednesday and urged him to start the process of coming up with a workable name sooner rather than later. “If nobody steps in quick, then I think that the name the lay press is going to give it is probably what’s going to fly,” Fouchier told STAT.That might mean this virus and disease become known by the name of the city currently quarantined to stop the virus’s spread, Wuhan. “NCoV is not going to fly for long,” Fouchier said. “And if they don’t do it in an authoritative way, then other people will come up with a name.” It was the WHO that chose the name SARS and was involved in the negotiations that settled on the name MERS — though WHO now uses MERS as an example of what not to do when naming a disease since it evokes a specific region. (The acronym is short for Middle East respiratory syndrome.) That, experts now agree, can be seen as disparaging. The scientists who investigated the first known Ebola outbreak were aware of the risk of leaving an indelible stain on a particular place. That team, led by legendary virus hunter Karl Johnson, traveled to Yambuku, in what was then Zaire — now the Democratic Republic of the Congo — in 1976 to try to determine what was killing people who worked in or sought care at a hospital run by Belgian nuns. Johnson proposed that the virus be called Ebola, after a river he spotted on a map, roughly 40 miles away from where the outbreak was taking place, according to a report of the outbreak response, published in 2016. Yambuku was spared the infamy of being the name of a highly deadly virus. In the case of what is now known as SARS, officials at the WHO moved early to name the new disease. The global health agency alerted the world to the fact a new virus was spreading from China on Wednesday, March 12, 2003. By Saturday, the disease had a name. “The reason we named it was we didn’t want the press or some other group to name it with a stigmatizing name,’’ said Dr. David Heymann, who led the WHO’s SARS response and who was one of a small group of people who came up with the name. Heymann, who is now a professor at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, said they wanted an easy-to-say acronym, like AIDS or HIV, that would also be easy to remember. They decided on words that described the condition, formed an acronym, and didn’t — or so they thought at the time — label any area as the source of the virus. Severe acute respiratory syndrome, or SARS, was born. It was only later that the similarity to Hong Kong’s status as an SAR — special administrative region — within China was recognized. Hong Kong suffered mightily from SARS and did not appreciate the fact that the virus, which originated in China, appeared to hint at a Hong Kong origin. Likewise the naming of MERS created bad blood when a new coronavirus that jumped from camels to people emerged in Saudi Arabia in 2012. When the virus was first isolated at Erasmus University in Rotterdam, in the Netherlands, it was called HCoV-KSA1, for human coronavirus from the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. The kingdom — which was already mad that a specimen from a sick Saudi had been shipped to the Netherlands without its knowledge — got madder. Fouchier, who led the work to isolate the virus, recalled the Dutch team then tried EMC1, thinking it could name the pathogen after Erasmus Medical Center. The Saudis were still not happy. The International Committee on Taxonomy of Viruses, the Saudi Arabian government, and the WHO eventually negotiated the issue and settled on MERS. Since then, the WHO has published guidance on the naming of new human diseases. Don’t name them after countries or regions. Don’t name them after people. Don’t name them after the animals they come from — the swine flu pandemic of 2009 was quickly relabeled when angry pork producers complained about sharp drops in pork sales. It’s easier to describe what viruses and diseases should not be called than to suggest what might work “People in my lab are trying to come up with names,” said Baric, a coronavirus researcher at the University of North Carolina. Two candidates have already been rejected: South East Asia respiratory syndrome, or SEARS (for obvious reasons) and Chinese acute respiratory syndrome, CARS, because “that kind of sounds stupid,” he said.|1
Most coronavirus patients don’t need to be hospitalized. “The vast majority of people – about 80% – will do well without any specific intervention,” said Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases.Those patients should get plenty of rest, hydrate frequently and take fever-reducing medication.“The current guidance – and this may change – is that if you have symptoms that are similar to the cold and the flu and these are mild symptoms to moderate symptoms, stay at home and try to manage them,” said Dr. Patrice Harris, president of the American Medical Association.But about 20% of coronavirus patients get advanced disease. “Older patients and individuals who have underlying medical conditions or are immunocompromised should contact their physician early in the course of even mild illness,” the CDC says.The CDC also says you should get immediate help if you have:Trouble breathing.Persistent pain or pressure in the chest.Sudden confusion.Bluish lips or face.“This list is not all inclusive,” the CDC says. “Please consult your medical provider for any other symptoms that are severe or concerning.”|1
This is an adapted version of DTinLAC Expose about the controversial Wuhan P4 Laboratory and its relationship to the CCP and the outbreak of COVID-19 (or previously called nCOV-19).The National Biosafety Laboratory, Wuhan (NBL) of the Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS), referred to as Wuhan P4 Lab or P4 Lab, is located at Zhengdian Science Park of the Wuhan Institute of Virology, Jiangxia District, Wuhan City, Hubei Province. This P4 Lab, a collaboration between Chinese Academy of Sciences and Wuhan municipal government, was completed on January 31, 2015 and officially began its operation on January 5, 2018. It is China’s first the biosafety level 4 laboratory (BSL-4 Lab) and the third one in Asia (DT-L2), Here the content will be divided into the following sections:The history of Wuhan Institute of Virology, France China Relationship and the P4 Lab, France China Foundation. The P4 Lab: Organization Chart of Wuhan’s P4 Lab, Literature Highlights, Key persons, Intriguing Facts, Summary, Epilogue: Evidence of connections to Jiang Family – Pandora’s Box. History of the Wuhan Institute of Virology (WIV), Chinese Academy of Sciences: (DT-L5-11). In1956, the Wuhan Institute of Microbiology, Chinese Academy of Sciences was established.In November 1961, the Wuhan Institute of Microbiology, Chinese Academy of Sciences was renamed the Central South Institute of Microbiology.In October 1962, the Central South Institute of Microbiology was renamed to the Wuhan Institute of Microbiology.In 1966, the local branch of the Chinese Academy of Sciences was relegated to the leadership of Hubei Province.In 1970, it was renamed to the Hubei Institute of Microbiology.In 1978, before the Science and Technology Conference, it returned to the Chinese Academy of Sciences and was renamed to the Wuhan Institute of Virology, Chinese Academy of Sciences.In 2002, it entered the sequence of the National Science and Technology Innovation Projects of the Chinese Academy of Sciences.In 2003, the “One, Three, Five” (One goal with 3 five-year) Plan was carried out.In November 2004, the establishment of the State Key Laboratory of Virology was approved by the Ministry of Science and Technology. The lab is under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Education, and supervised by both Wuhan University and Wuhan Institute of Virology, Chinese Academy of Sciences.In January 2012, the China Virus Resource Center of the Institute was approved by China Quality Certification Center, and obtained ISO9001: 2008 quality management system certificate, ISO14001: 2004 environmental management system certificate, and GB / T28001-2001 occupational health and safety management system certificate. In June, the Animal Experiment Center of Zhengdian Science Park of the Wuhan Institute of Virology, Chinese Academy of Sciences began operation.In 2012, Public Technical Service Center of the Wuhan Institute of Virology’s was established and consisted of an analysis and testing center, a BSL-3 laboratory, an experimental animal center, a radioisotope laboratory, and a network information center.In 2014, the first action plan of the Big Science Center was launched.In January 2015, China’s first laboratory with the highest level of biosafety protection, the Wuhan National Biosafety Laboratory (namely, Wuhan BSL-4 Laboratory) of the Chinese Academy of Sciences was completed. In December, it was rated as a civilized unit in Hubei Province.In July 2016, the Wuhan Institute of Virology held a ground-breaking ceremony for a comprehensive experimental research base of virology and biosafety.In January 2018, Wuhan National Biosafety Level 4 Laboratory (BSL-4 Laboratory) passed the national standard.Using P4 Laboratory as the centre and under the cooperative relationship between France and China, the framework agreement proposed to synchronize the “four wheels” – scientific research cooperation, personnel training, laws, regulations, and standards, and laboratory construction- making laboratory construction affected by changes in Sino-French cooperation relations.On June 28, 2004, Chen Zhu, then the vice president of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, clearly instructed the WIV, “based on the principles of friendly cooperation between China and France, the collaborative process should differentiate internal (China) from external (France) and use China-centered and practical approaches (DT-L97).In 1997, BioMérieux set up a representative office in Beijing, and in 2004, its Shanghai Branch was established in Asia.On January 28, 2004, during President Hu Jintao’s visit to France, he witnessed the signing of the “Memorandum of Understanding of China-France Cooperation in Preventing and Fighting New Infectious Diseases”:Establish a Sino-French Emerging Infectious Diseases Group composed of representatives of competent French government departments and experts;Support the development of the WIV of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, acquire equipment and technology, and provide training, and cooperate in the field of prevention and combat of emerging infectious diseases.Construction of the P4 Lab has started since 2004!On October 9, 2004, French President Jacques Chirac visited Beijing to officially sign a cooperative agreement on the prevention and control of emerging infectious diseases between the two countries.On November 1, 2007, French Foreign Minister Kouchner visited China and made a statement on the P4 project.On November 26, 2007, French President Nicolas Sarkozy visited China and signed a statement on a cooperative agreement on the prevention and control of emerging infectious diseases, emphasizing to “ensure that all necessary measures are taken as soon as possible to implement all projects including the Wuhan P4 laboratory.In 2008, the French side delivered a laboratory drawing, and in 2009, the Chinese Yuan Design Institute provided the Chinese design drawing. In the design process, the key concepts of Lyon Lab Design are referenced.On May 10, 2010, the China-France Cooperation Conference on Emerging Infectious Diseases was held in Beijing, which further promoted the laboratory construction process.On January 9, 2012, the key equipment of the core laboratory-airtight doors and life support systems arrived at Jiangxia Zhengdian Park. The quality was checked and approved.On January 9, 2012, the key equipment of the core laboratory—airtight doors and life supporting systems—was delivered to Jiangxia Zhengdian Park and passed the quality check.On March 26, 2014, Xi Jinping visited the French Merrier Centre for Biological Research and listened to the introduction of the development of the center. Xi pointed out: “P4 laboratory construction in Wuhan is very important for Chinese public health and a good symbol of the France China Collaboration in public health. On January 31, 2015, Wuhan P4 Lab held a completion and unveiling ceremony, which marked the completion of the laboratory’s hardware construction and installation of major facilities and equipment. According to the participating French engineers and technicians, China’s P4 laboratory is more advanced than the one in Lyon, France.On January 31, 2015, Wuhan National Biosafety Laboratory (Wuhan P4 Laboratory), the National Academy of Sciences was completed to conduct research on avian influenza, coronavirus and other virus epidemic prevention. This laboratory is the Sino-French Emerging Infectious Diseases Cooperative Project of the Mérieux Foundation. President Alain Mérieux, listed in the Key Person Section, is also Chairman of the Mérieux Foundation.One step combing, you can get the initial true face of the hidden P4 laboratory! Just look at the big people involved:Yu Zhengsheng（Chairman of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference from 2013 to 2018)Hu Jintao（President of the People’s Republic of China from 2003 to 2013 and Chairman of the Central Military Commission from 2004 to 2012）Jacques Chirac (Former French President, 1995-2007), Kouchner (Bernard Kouchner, co-founded French doctors-without-border, the Minister of Foreign and European Affairs under President Sarkozy)Nicolas Sarkozy (Former French President, 2007-2012), Xi Jinping （President of the People’s Republic of China, and Chairman of the Central Military Commission）The France China Foundation (DT-L87, 88, 84, The France China Foundation is a spy agency! The state officials in charge of France China Foundation are the Chinese People’s Institute of Foreign Affairs!In October 2017, French President Macron received members of the “Young Leaders” project at the Elysee Palace. Macron!On January 09, 2018, the CCP propaganda news media, China Daily: The France China Foundation and “Youth Leadership Project”: the current French President was also seen.The France China Foundation:(DT-L85-88) Members:Hua Bin (Chairman)- Wang Jian?Alibaba：Ma Yun (Jack Ma) Tencent：Ma Huateng, Baidu：Zhang Yaqin, NetEase：Ding Lei, Sina Corp：Wang Yan, Celebrity：Hong Huang (DT-L115+Mischa)-Zhang HanZi’s Daughter, Architect：Wang Shu, The daughter of Macau King of Gamblers, Pansy Catalina Ho Chiu-king (DT-L89-90), Zhang Xin, President of SOHO China (DT-L107), China Everbright CEO Chen Shuang (DT-L108-109), L’Oreal President Jean-Paul Angon, Economist Jacques Atari Kering Group Vice Chairman Patricia Barbizer, (DT-L110), Former French President Fabius, French director Jean-Jacques Arnold and others. Graduated from the Lyon Medical School, Alain is the chairman of the French Merrier Foundation, and President of French BioMérieux Group, Alain founded the bio-Mérieux company, a subsidiary of the Mérieux Institute with an annual sale of USD$ 1.9 billion. It provides the diagnosis of infectious diseases such as AIDS and tuberculosis.That’s the one who helped the CCP to establish the P4 virus laboratory in Wuhan! Everyone remember this person! !! Alain Merieux ！ (Figure legend: Before the establishment of diplomatic tie between the CCP and France, Alain’s father-in-law was keen to promote the car industry between 2 nations and received appraisal from the older generation of leaders like Zhou EnLai and Deng Xiaoping etc.,….. At 50th year celebration of China-France Tie, Alain was the chairman of the organizers.)He collaborates with China on SARS and avian influenza virus control. The Mérieux Biology Research Center cooperates with China in the areas of tuberculosis prevention, infection control, and prevention and control of emerging infectious diseases.With his connections, both nations worked collaboratively to establish a production and R & D base in Shanghai and a P4 high-level biosafety laboratory in Wuhan.The P4 Lab: Organization Chart of Wuhan’s P4 Lab. It is a virus making aircraft carrier! Wuhan Institute of Virology, Chinese Academy of Sciences. Staffing (DT-L3-4). According to the official website of the Institute in December 2016, the Institute had a total of 266 employees, including 189 scientific research positions, and 81% of them were doctorates and masters. The Chinese Academy of Sciences has selected 15 people for the ‘100 Talents’ Program, 5 winners of the National Outstanding Youth Fund, and 3 candidates for the first and second levels of the National “Cross-Century Multi-Million Project”.Here is the list of 15 scientists selected for the ‘Hundred Talents’ Program of Chinese Academy of Sciences: Guan Wuxiang, Yang Rongge, Li Chaoyang, Xiao Gengfu, Zhang Bo, Chen Xulin, Chen Xinwen, Luo Minhua, Zhou Ningyi, Hu Zhihong, Hu Qinxue, Tang Hong, Gong Peng, Cui Jie, Peng Ke, Winners of National Outstanding Youth Fund: Wang Hualin, Hu Zhihong, Tang Hong, Wang Yanyi (!!!), Chen Xinwen (Director of WIV, 2008.08-2018.11). National candidates for ” Cross-Century Multi-Million Project”: Wang Yanyi (Please also see DT-P1-37. Amazing!), Tang Hong.Check out the resumes of these researchers at WIV!They were all from the Thousand Talents Program!Among the 38 researchers, there were 34 PhD, 2 MSc, 2 BSc; 35 had connections with foreign countries, including USA (15), France, Denmark, Japan, Australia, Singapore, Netherland, and UK etc. There were 6 from Wageninen University Netherland. Two were from School of Information and 2 from Hundred Talents Plan, Chinese Academy of Sciences.The highlights of independence and innovation of Wuhan P4 virus laboratory (DT-L100). The envelope structure of the laboratory. The light steel keel structure. Fire extinguishing equipment. The automatic control system. The working unit control interface provided by Siemens was designed by Tong Xiao, Deputy director of the project office.On June 16, 2016, on behalf of the French President, Gu Shan, French Ambassador to China, awarded Researcher Yuan Zhiming and Deputy Director Shi Zhengli, Director of the P4 Laboratory of Wuhan Institute of Virology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, with “Knight Medal” and “French Palm Education Knight Medal of Honor”, respectively.Resources (DT-2)The Center for the Biobank of Pathogenic Microbial Species of the Wuhan Institute of Virology of the Chinese Academy of Sciences was founded in 1979. Currently, it has stored more than 1,500 species of various viruses, with 117,000 isolates of various virus resources. The banked resources include human medical viruses, zoonotic viruses, animal viruses, insect viruses, plant viruses, phages, environmental microorganisms, virus-sensitive cell banks, and virus genetic data banks etc., play an important role in scientific and technological support role in the fields of national security, life science research, public health and virology.P4 Laboratory Virus Resource Database and Species. The data came from an internal 328-page file of Wuhan Virus Laboratory. DT extracted some relevant pathogens and viral strains listed here.Literature Highlights. Bats are natural reservoirs of SARS-like coronaviruses, published in Science. The reasons for the emergence of genetic weapon-type new infectious diseases; what are biological weapons; biomolecular evolution and phylogeny; contemporary genetic (human-made new species pathogens and pathogenic genes) weapons and their deployment; and no SARS coronavirus in nature and among human and its reason etc.SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV are highly pathogenic and can cause severe acute respiratory syndrome in human with high mortality rates. The virus is thought to originate in bats.The S proteins of different coronaviruses show different efficiencies in mediating pseudoviral infections and this includes the coronavirus genome, which is the largest genome of RNA viruses, consists of a sense, single-stranded RNA, about 30 kb in size.Coronaviruses (CoVs) infect a wide range of vertebrates, including humans. They can cause respiratory, gastrointestinal, hepatic and central nervous system diseases. Some CoVs have managed to across the species barrier, such as severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS)-CoV and Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS)-CoV. This special issue of Virologica Sinica is dedicated to the recent progress on coronaviruses and covers topics on viral epidemiology, virus replication and the interactions between the coronaviruses and their hosts. This updated information would provide new insights in the control of CoV infections, and in the development of effective antivirals. The cover depicts the modes of transmission of coronavirus from animals to humans.|0
In a recent interview with Infowars‘ Owen Shroyer, Dr. Francis Boyle, a professor of international law at the University of Illinois College of Law, talked about novel coronavirus, the Biosafety Level 4 laboratory (BSL-4) in Wuhan, China, where it appears to have originated, and the World Health Organization’s (WHO) questionable involvement in bioweapons research.It’s the latter topic that’s of particular interest for this article, as the WHO is supposed to be an agency that responds to global health crises, not creates them. But it would seem as though the WHO not only knew in advance that 2019-nCoV was created in a lab, but may have also been involved in its creation in the first place.If this is true, it would constitute a serious crime against humanity, not to mention a total violation of the Geneva Convention. But that’s what we’re up against, here, as Boyle warns that the WHO has been knowingly complicit in unleashing what’s shaping up to be one of the worst global pandemics in decades.“The Chinese government has been lying about it from the get-go, covering it up, just like they did on SARS,” Boyle stated during the interview, which you can watch below and at Brighteon.com. “The WHO is in on it. You can’t believe anything the WHO is telling you because this is a WHO special designated research lab. The WHO is up to its eyeballs in biological warfare research.”In other words, the BSL-4 lab in Wuhan where many now suspect novel coronavirus originated was actually designated for such purposes by the WHO itself. And what’s worse, there are a number of BSL-4 labs here in America as well, which is why Boyle drafted the U.S. domestic implementing legislation for the Biological Weapons Convention, known as the Biological Weapons Anti-Terrorism Act of 1989, which was unanimously approved by both houses of Congress and signed into law by the late President George H.W. Bush.As for President Trump’s current handling of the crisis, or lack thereof, Boyle blames those surrounding Trump for not giving him the full scoop about what’s going on. In Boyle’s view, there are evil factions here on our soil that, just like in communist China, are trying to cover up the truth about what really happening.“I don’t believe President Trump is getting proper scientific advice about how dangerous this really is and that it is an offensive biological warfare weapon,” Boyle stated during the interview. “Basically, he has surrounding him all these scientists who have been up to their eyeballs in this dirty biological warfare work here in the United States.”“So, I have no idea what they’re telling President Trump, but I suspect they’re spinning it to protect their own rear ends here. In my opinion, every BSL-4 laboratory here in America should be shut down immediately.”Boyle also discussed a report put out by the GreatGameIndia journal that exposes novel coronavirus as a Chinese biowarfare agent, and not some random disease supposedly being spread by snakes and bats.“On biowarfare programs they want to cover up, they always blame it on bats,” Boyle contends. “You know, bats have been around forever, so give me a break.”Francis Boyle’s contentions about novel coronavirus being a Chinese bioweapon constitute “synthetic news” in the eyes of Big Tech. You’ll want to watch the entire interview with Boyle because it’s a real eye-opener, and something you won’t find anywhere in the mainstream media. That’s because any information that even remotely suggests foul play with this whole saga has been deemed “synthetic news” by Google, Twitter, Facebook and the rest of Big Tech, along with communist China which wants to be fully in charge of the narrative.There’s an obvious cover-up going on with this whole thing, which Mike Adams, the Health Ranger, also discussed during a recent episode of The Health Ranger Report, which you can listen to below (you can also access this video directly at Brighteon.com):Keep in mind that Boyle isn’t the only one talking about this. Senator Tom Cotton of Arkansas has also publicly warned that the official narrative surrounding coronavirus is questionable, at best. At worst, it’s an absolute farce that’s keeping everyone in the dark about how a viral pandemic has been unleashed not by wildlife but by evil men and women who develop and test biological weapons for a living.“As one epidemiologist said: ‘That virus went into the seafood market before it came out of the seafood market.’ We still don’t know where it originated,” Sen. Cotton is quoted as saying.“I would note that Wuhan also has China’s only bio-safety level four super laboratory that works with the world’s most deadly pathogens to include, yes, coronavirus.”To keep up with the latest coronavirus news, be sure to check out Pandemic.news.|0
The most commonly reported mainstream media account of the creation of the Coronavirus suggests that it was derived from an animal borne microorganism found in a wild bat that was consumed by an ethnic Chinese resident of Wuhan. But there appears to be some evidence to dispute that in that adjacent provinces in China, where wild bats are more numerous, have not experienced major outbreaks of the disease. Because of that and other factors, there has also been considerable speculation that the Coronavirus did not occur naturally through mutation but rather was produced in a laboratory, possibly as a biological warfare agent.Several reports suggest that there are components of the virus that are related to HIV that could not have occurred naturally. If it is correct that the virus had either been developed or even produced to be weaponized it would further suggest that its escape from the Wuhan Institute of Virology Lab and into the animal and human population could have been accidental. Technicians who work in such environments are aware that “leaks” from laboratories occur frequently.There is, of course and inevitably, another theory. There has been some speculation that as the Trump Administration has been constantly raising the issue of growing Chinese global competitiveness as a direct threat to American national security and economic dominance, it must might be possible that Washington has created and unleashed the virus in a bid to bring Beijing’s growing economy and military might down a few notches. It is, to be sure, hard to believe that even the Trump White House would do something so reckless, but there are precedents for that type of behavior. In 2005-9 the American and Israeli governments secretly developed a computer virus called Stuxnet, which was intended to damage the control and operating systems of Iranian computers being used in that country’s nuclear research program. Admittedly Stuxnet was intended to damage computers, not to infect or kill human beings, but concerns that it would propagate and move to infect computers outside Iran proved to be accurate as it spread to thousands of PCs outside Iran, in countries as far flung as China, Germany, Kazakhstan and Indonesia.Inevitably there is an Israeli story that just might shed some light on what has been going on in China. Scientists at Israel’s Galilee Research Institute are now claiming that they will have a vaccine against coronavirus in a few weeks which will be ready for distribution and use within 90 days. The institute is claiming that it has been engaged in four years of research on avian coronavirus funded by Israel’s Ministries of Science & Technology and Agriculture. They are claiming that the virus is similar to the version that has infected humans, which has led to breakthroughs in development through genetic manipulation, but some scientists are skeptical that a new vaccine could be produced so quickly to prevent a virus that existed only recently. They also have warned that even if a vaccine is developed it would normally have to be tested for side effects, a process that normally takes over a year and includes using it on infected humans.If one even considers it possible that the United States had a hand in creating the coronavirus at what remains of its once extensive biological weapons research center in Ft Detrick Maryland, it is very likely that Israel was a partner in the project. Helping to develop the virus would also explain how Israeli scientists have been able to claim success at creating a vaccine so quickly, possibly because the virus and a treatment for it were developed simultaneously.In any event, there are definite political ramifications to the appearance of the coronavirus, and not only in China. In the United States President Donald Trump is already being blamed for lying about the virus and there are various scenarios in mainstream publications speculating over the possible impact on the election in 2020. If the economy sinks together with the stock market, it will reflect badly on Trump whether or not he is actually at fault. If containment and treatment of the disease itself in the United States does not go well, there could also be a considerable backlash, particularly as the Democrats have been promoting improving health care. One pundit argues, however, that disease and a sinking economy will not matter as long as there is a turnaround before the election, but a lot can happen in the next eight months.And then there is the national security/foreign policy issue as seen from both Jerusalem and Washington. It is difficult to explain why coronavirus has hit one country in particular other than China very severely. That country is Iran, the often-cited enemy of both the U.S. and Israel. The number of Iran’s coronavirus cases continues to increase, with more positive tests confirmed among government officials last Saturday. There were 205 new coronavirus cases, bringing the government claimed total to 593 with 43 fatalities, though unofficial hospital reports suggest that the deaths are actually well over 100. That’s the highest number of deaths from the virus outside of China.No less than five Iranian Members of Parliament have also tested positive amid a growing number of officials that have contracted the disease. Iran’s vice president Masoumeh Ebtekar and deputy health minister Iraj Harirchi had also previously been confirmed with the virus.The usual suspects in the United States are delighted to learn of the Iranian deaths. Mark Dubowitz, Executive Director of the Washington-based but Israeli government connected Foundation for Defense of Democracies (FDD) boasted on twitter Tuesday that “Coronavirus has done what American economic sanctions could not: shut down non-oil exports.” An Iranian government spokesman responded that “It’s shameful and downright inhuman to cheer for a deadly Virus to spread – and enjoy seeing people suffer for it…” Dubowitz followed up with an additional taunt, that Tehran has “spread terrorism” in the Middle East and “now it’s spreading the coronavirus.”So, you have your choice. Coronavirus occurred naturally, or it came out of a lab in China itself or even from Israel or the United States. If one suspects Israel and/or the United States, the intent clearly would have been to create a biological weapon that would damage two nations that have been designated as enemies. But the coronavirus cannot be contained easily and it is clear that many thousands of people will die from it. Unfortunately, as with Stuxnet, once the genie is out of the bottled it is devilishly hard to induce it to go back in.|0
Long-time listeners of conservative talk radio legend Rush Limbaugh know that he doesn’t deal in tinfoil hat conspiracy theories, so when he offers what might seem as a ‘non-linear’ or non-traditional take on an issue of the day, it’s head-turning.Most Americans may not have given the Wuhan coronavirus much thought before this week — before the virus hit American shores. But some of those who have been tracking the outbreak since December, when it first appeared in China, have wondered whether it could have been some sort of biological weapon that the People’s Liberation Army was developing.And earlier this week, Limbaugh echoed similar sentiments.“It’s a respiratory system virus. It probably is a ChiCom laboratory experiment that is in the process of being weaponized. All superpower nations weaponize bioweapons. They experiment with them. The Russians, for example, have weaponized fentanyl,” he said. But in any event, his comments about it being a potential bioweapon are not the first. Sen. Tom Cotton (R-Ark.), thinks so too, and for that he is being mocked by the very same mainstream media that lied about the “Trump-Russia collusion” hoax for nearly three years.Specifically, Cotton suggested that the virus originated in China’s only BioLevel 4 research facility — which just happens to be in Wuhan City, the epicenter of the outbreak. And furthermore, Cotton has never said there is 100 percent proof the virus is a bioweapon.Failing to ask this question is the real conspiracy. “We don’t have evidence that this disease originated there,” he said during a recent interview on Fox News, the New York Times reported, “but because of China’s duplicity and dishonesty from the beginning, we need to at least ask the question to see what the evidence says, and China right now is not giving evidence on that question at all.”Mind you, Cotton is a Harvard-educated lawyer and U.S. Army infantry officer with combat experience. He’s not a kook, he’s not a conspiracy theorist, and he’s not some wild-eyed lunatic. The Times jeered: Mr. Cotton later walked back the idea that the coronavirus was a Chinese bioweapon run amok. But it is the sort of tale that resonates with an expanding chorus of voices in Washington who see China as a growing Soviet-level threat to the United States, echoing the anti-Communist thinking of the Cold War era. Right-wing media outlets fan the anger.This, from a newspaper that, again, ‘fanned’ the BS hoax that Moscow and Donald Trump “colluded to steal the election from Hillary Clinton” — for two-plus years. And it was the same paper that repeatedly told readers former special counsel Robert Mueller ‘had proof’ of that hoax — when at the end of his probe, his report said specifically that there was “no evidence” to support the claim.What’s really interesting here is that “mainstream media” outlets like the Times, CNN, The Washington Post, USA Today and others make wild claims about President Trump, and members of his administration, based on less empirical evidence. At least in the case of Cotton and Limbaugh, there is enough circumstantial evidence to warrant suspicions and ask the question: Did the novel coronavirus (as in, this is the first time its been seen) originate from the only lab in China capable of dealing with/handling this type of biohazard? The people who dismiss the question out of hand are the real conspirators.|0
Developing and delivering coronavirus vaccines, tests and treatments depends on a massive financial commitment from the private sector. So does the global economic outlook.The dire threat posed by the novel coronavirus is a function of its speed and scope. Wuhan, China, made its first cases public on the last day of 2019. By mid-April this year, the virus had spread to 185 nations, with over 2.5 million total cases and 165,000 deaths.“This pandemic is of a completely different order of magnitude,” says Richard Hatchett, C.E.O. of the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations (CEPI), an organization tasked with developing effective coronavirus vaccines.Almost $2 billion in funding for vaccines and treatments has flowed from governments, charitable foundations, global organizations and individual donors. But those resources are not enough — an additional $6 billion is needed by early May to develop and deliver vaccines, tests and effective therapies.This appeal is not based solely on public health concerns. If adequate vaccines, treatments and tests are not developed and distributed in time, a rolling cycle of lockdowns and distancing measures could ebb and flow for months, if not years, with new outbreaks and economic downturns postponing recovery indefinitely.For businesses, this could mean a second or third wave of economic contractions. “It’s firmly in the interests of businesses to be part of financing the science that can provide a reliable and sustainable way out of this crisis,” says Jeremy Farrar, director of Wellcome. “It is the only way we can get the world back to something like business as usual.”As such, Wellcome, a global health foundation that is calling on businesses to donate to research and development and join the COVID-Zero coalition, stresses that every industry sector has a vested interest in supporting vaccine, diagnostics and treatment research.Unprecedented acceleration, unprecedented costWhile the global economic outlook is difficult to quantify at this early stage of the pandemic, current projections remain dire. In mid-April, the International Monetary Fund predicted cumulative global G.D.P. losses in 2020 and 2021 could reach $9 trillion, while the International Labor Organization warned the pandemic could wipe out the equivalent of almost 200 million full-time jobs — a number equal to the population of Nigeria, Africa’s most populous country.Improving those forecasts depends on a comprehensive response to the pandemic — delivered on a timetable far more accelerated than that of any other public health mobilization in this century. The coronavirus is now an “endemic infection,” says Farrar. “This virus — and its colossal impact on our citizens, economies and health systems — will be with us for quite some time. This is not a one-off event. There will be further waves of this pandemic,” he adds. “Investment now is crucial to give us the best possible chance of developing vaccines, treatments and rapid diagnostics in the fastest time possible.”Farrar argues that private sector fundraising is, therefore, a moral and pragmatic imperative: “These financial contributions will save lives, secure jobs and get the world moving again sooner than anything else.”Funding a crisis exit strategy.Public-private initiatives that address scientific and organizational challenges will play an important role in the pandemic response. One project, the Covid-19 Therapeutics Accelerator, seeded by $125 million in contributions from Wellcome, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and Mastercard, takes a multifaceted approach to research and logistics. The initiative has received millions in donations from the United Kingdom’s Department for International Development, the Michael & Susan Dell Foundation, the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative and private citizens, including the entertainer Madonna.Since there are no drugs yet to treat the disease, the Therapeutics Accelerator is supporting clinical trials for evaluating new and repurposed drugs that may treat or prevent virus outbreaks. It will also streamline funding to remove barriers to development and bring new products to scale in the shortest amount of time, thus reducing risk across the development process and freeing up resources to deliver treatments.Private-sector contributions could play a make-or-break role in numerous response efforts, including injecting some of the $2 billion needed to develop three promising vaccine candidates to late-clinical stages over the next 12 to 18 months. Hatchett calls that timeline “hugely aspirational,” considering the five years it took to bring a licensed Ebola vaccine to market, viewed by experts as an extremely fast response. The donations can also contribute to efforts like WHO’s Covid-19 Solidarity Response Fund, which funds purchases of essential equipment for medical workers, vaccine and test development, and public-education initiatives.Private-sector contributions would enable groups like the Therapeutics Accelerator and CEPI to act rapidly. For example, according to Hatchett, funding from business and philanthropic donors would enable the organization’s eight concurrent candidate vaccine programmes to progress at speed — at a time when all candidates with a good chance of success need to be explored in parallel.Once Covid-19 vaccines are proven to work, more funding will be needed for organizations such as Gavi, a public-private global health partnership that addresses vaccine equity, which will play a critical role in cost-effective distribution.|1
In view of the dire situation we currently face, with infections in dozens of countries and thousands of fatalities, here is a detailed description of the original Cold-Arrest Procedure with the suggested times and temperatures carefully optimized for coronavirus eradication:Turn hair dryer to the lowest setting and then cup fingers over the air intake to slow the air flow and increase its output temperature.With the other hand, use a wet cloth or a spray bottle filled with water to frequently moisten the facial surface around the nose and mouth. The flow of hot air causes the water to evaporate, keeping the face and nose cool while allowing the heat to penetrating deeply into the nose and sinuses. Take slow, deep breaths through the nose, with mouth closed, for 5 minutes. To minimize any discomfort, turn the blow dryer aside in between breaths so that warm air is directed toward the face and nose only while inhaling. If the air feels warm, but not hot, try a higher heat setting. The goal is to raise the inside of the nose and sinuses to the coronavirus kill temperature of at least of 56° C (133° F) during the entire treatment period. So, use the highest temperature you can safely tolerate.Pause between heat applications for about one hour. This allows time for the natural movement of the mucus layer within the sinuses to reposition any potentially shielded virus to a more exposed location where it can be heated and destroyed.After the cooling period, begin another 5-minute hot air treatment. If no symptoms have appeared, two heating cycles per day should be sufficient for prevention. However, if symptoms have already developed, three to five of these alternating heating/cooling cycles per day are recommended, until symptoms disappear.If widely used as an added prevention step, along with wearing a mask and handwashing, this Cold-Arrest hyperthermia therapy has the potential of helping to halt any further spread of Covid-19. It also offers an important psychological benefit for those who are currently in isolation, quarantine, or lockdown for a prolonged viral incubation period. Instead of just waiting, helplessly, to see if symptoms develop, patients can take a proactive role by exterminating any virus that may be present.|0
In January of 2010, Bill and Melinda Gates announced a $10 billion pledge to usher in a decade of vaccines. But far from an unalloyed good, the truth is that this attempt to reorient the global health economy was part of a much bigger agenda.An agenda that would ultimately lead to greater profits for big pharma companies, greater control for the Gates Foundation over the field of global health, and greater power for Bill Gates to shape the course of the future for billions of people around the planet.|0
Even without approved treatments, there are several key ways health care providers can care for people with COVID-19 and keep them alive:Control their symptoms: Give them medications that make having COVID-19 more tolerable—ones that control fever, cough, and other commonly associated symptoms. Provide intensive support to the body of a sick person as their immune system battles the infection: We see that some patients may become critically ill with this disease, hence they may need mechanical ventilation or urgent dialysis. There may be a role for technologies such as extracorporeal membrane oxygenation to help their lungs recover from acute respiratory distress syndrome.Treat other infections that COVID-19 patients may get, such as concurrent bacterial pneumonia because their lungs are not functioning as well as they can. In this case, clinicians will use antibiotics to help them recover.|1
Rep. Guy Reschenthaler (R-PA) said this weekend that House Speaker Nancy Pelosi would rather investigate President Donald Trump again than focus on the actual origins of the Chinese coronavirus and U.S. tax dollars that went to the Wuhan Institute of Virology from which intelligence officials increasingly believe the virus leaked.Appearing on Breitbart News Saturday on SiriusXM 125 the Patriot Channel, Reschenthaler discussed his efforts to investigate tax dollars that flowed through a New York firm to the Wuhan lab. He said that Pelosi and House Democrats are not interested in holding the Chinese Communist Party accountable and, instead, want to focus their oversight efforts on politically harming President Trump again just like they tried and failed with the partisan impeachment last year and earlier this year.“We should have an investigative body looking at these grants, but Nancy Pelosi is not going to do that,” Reschenthaler said. “So you have myself and House Republicans. I can tell you I’m going to continue to look into these grants. I’m going to continue to look into the Department of Homeland Security as well to see what grants are going from there to China. I’m also looking at defunding the World Health Organization and we can talk about that as well. But the bottom line of the Democrats’ behavior is this: They hate this president so badly that they would rather side with the Chinese Communist Party than defend Americans and defend our spending and spend wisely and just be honest. That is their hatred for President Trump and disdain for President Trump’s supporters.”Reschenthaler wrote a letter this week to Secretary of Defense Mark Esper inquiring about a Pentagon grant to EcoHealth Alliance, Inc., a New York firm that has had a history of funding the Wuhan Institute of Virology with subgrants from American taxpayers. The Pentagon grant the congressman was inquiring about was for research into bat-borne zoonotic diseases and their potential as weapons of mass destruction or biological weapons. While it is unclear if that grant saw U.S. taxpayer money flowing from it out to the Wuhan lab, it is known that another grant that EcoHealth Alliance received did partially spend U.S. tax dollars in the Chinese lab.That grant, from the National Institutes of Health (NIH) — in particular the National Institute of Allergies and Infectious Diseases (NIAID), which is run by the now-famous Dr. Anthony Fauci — saw U.S. tax dollars sent to EcoHealth Alliance for researching coronaviruses from bats flow out to the Chinese lab in Wuhan. Some of the money went to other labs around the world too, an NIH official confirmed to Breitbart News last week. But the NIH was so concerned about the money and this lab in Wuhan that the government notified EcoHealth Alliance that it would be investigating the matter and that any funds to the Wuhan lab must be halted while the investigation occurred.The NIH funded EcoHealth Alliance, which then, in turn, turned around and partially funded the Wuhan Institute of Virology,” Reschenthaler told Breitbart News. “The DOD also gave EcoHealth Alliance $6.5 million in a grant, and like you said, that grant was to understand bat-borne zoonotic disease in context with weapons of mass destruction. So what I’m trying to find out is whether or not the DOD funding that went to EcoHealth also went to the Wuhan Institute of Virology. We know that the NIH funding did, and we also know that all money is fungible, but I want to see if we can trace that money to Wuhan to see how much and to what extent the DOD and American taxpayers actually funded the Wuhan Institute of Virology.|0
 In the interview, de Monredon said that a recently issued government decree allows French doctors to use the sedative and anti-epileptic drug Rivotril to “euthanize” Covid-19 patients. “Since it’s associated with morphine, it’s a guaranteed death via complete respiratory depression.It was talked about for the elderly in EPHAD [Senior Assisted Living Centers] because they’re not all sent to the hospital; so it’s euthanasia and eugenics,” she said.|0
Scientists are increasingly optimistic that a vaccine can be produced in record time. But getting it manufactured and distributed will pose huge challenges.In a medical research project nearly unrivaled in its ambition and scope, volunteers worldwide are rolling up their sleeves to receive experimental vaccines against the coronavirus — only months after the virus was identified.Companies like Inovio and Pfizer have begun early tests of candidates in people to determine whether their vaccines are safe. Researchers at the University of Oxford in England are testing vaccines in human subjects, too, and say they could have one ready for emergency use as soon as September.Moderna on Monday announced encouraging results of a safety trial of its vaccine in eight volunteers. There were no published data, but the news alone sent hopes soaring.Animal studies have raised expectations, too. Researchers at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center on Wednesday published research showing that a prototype vaccine effectively protected monkeys from infection with the virus.The findings will pave the way to development of a human vaccine, said the investigators. They have already partnered with Janssen, a division of Johnson & Johnson.In labs around the world, there is now cautious optimism that a coronavirus vaccine, and perhaps more than one, will be ready sometime next year.Scientists are exploring not just one approach to creating the vaccine, but at least four. So great is the urgency that they are combining trial phases and shortening a process that usually takes years, sometimes more than a decade.The coronavirus itself has turned out to be clumsy prey, a stable pathogen unlikely to mutate significantly and dodge a vaccine.“It’s an easier target, which is terrific news,” said Michael Farzan, a virologist at Scripps Research in Jupiter, Fla.An effective vaccine will be crucial to ending the pandemic, which has sickened at least 4.7 million worldwide and killed at least 324,000. Widespread immunity would reopen the door to lives without social distancing and face masks.“What people don’t realize is that normally vaccine development takes many years, sometimes decades,” said Dr. Dan Barouch, a virologist at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center in Boston who led the monkey trials. “And so trying to compress the whole vaccine process into 12 to 18 months is really unheard-of.”“If that happens, it will be the fastest vaccine development program ever in history.”More than 100 research teams around the world are taking aim at the virus from multiple angles.Moderna’s vaccine is based on a relatively new mRNA technology that delivers bits of the virus’s genes into human cells. The goal is for cells to begin making a viral protein that the immune system recognizes as foreign. The body builds defenses against that protein, priming itself to attack if the actual coronavirus invades.Some vaccine makers, including Inovio, are developing vaccines based on DNA variations of this approach.But the technology used by both companies has never produced a vaccine approved for clinical use, let alone one that can be made in industrial quantities. Moderna was criticized for making rosy predictions, based on a handful of patients, without providing any scientific data.Other research teams have turned to more traditional strategies.Some scientists are using harmless viruses to deliver coronavirus genes into cells, forcing them to produce proteins that may teach the immune system to watch out for the coronavirus. CanSino Biologics, a company in China, has begun human testing of a coronavirus vaccine that relies on this approach, as has the University of Oxford team.Other traditional approaches rely on fragments of a coronavirus protein to make a vaccine, while some use killed, or inactivated, versions of the whole coronavirus. In China, such vaccines have already entered human trials.Florian Krammer, a virologist at Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai in New York, predicted that at least 20 additional vaccine candidates will make their way into clinical trials in the weeks to come.“I’m not worried at all about it,” he said of the prospects for a new vaccine.Many of these vaccines will stumble as the trials progress. As more people are inoculated, some candidates will fail to protect against the virus, and side effects will become more apparent.But from what scientists are learning about the coronavirus, it ought to be a relatively easy target.The coronavirus sports tempting targets on its surface, unique “spike” proteins the pathogen needs to enter human cells. The immune system readily learns to recognize these proteins, it appears, and to attack them, killing the virus.Viruses can challenge vaccine makers by mutating rapidly, changing shape so that antibodies that work on one viral strain fail on another. Thankfully, the new coronavirus seems to be a slow mutator, and a vaccine that proves effective in trials should work anywhere in the world.When work on a coronavirus vaccine started, some researchers worried that antibodies actually might worsen Covid-19, the illness caused by the coronavirus. But in early studies, no serious risks have emerged.“That doesn’t mean that there won’t be, but so far there hasn’t been any indication, so I’m cautiously optimistic on that point,” said Dr. Alyson Kelvin, a researcher at the Canadian Center for Vaccinology and Dalhousie University.Scaling Up.Ensuring that vaccines are safe and effective demands large trials that require careful planning and execution. If successful vaccines emerge from those trials, someone’s going to have to make an awful lot of them.Almost everyone on the planet is vulnerable to the new coronavirus. Each person may need two doses of a new vaccine to receive protective immunity. That’s 16 billion doses.“When companies promise of delivering a vaccine in a year or less, I am not sure what stage they are talking about,” said Akiko Iwasaki, an immunobiologist at Yale University. “I doubt they are talking about global distributions in billions of doses.”Manufacturing vaccines is profoundly more complex than manufacturing, say, shoes or bicycles. Vaccines typically require large vats in which their ingredients are grown, and these have to be maintained in sterile conditions. Also, no factories have ever churned out millions of doses of approved vaccines made with the cutting-edge technology being tested by companies like Inovio and Moderna.Facilities have sprung up in recent years to make viral-vector vaccines, including a Johnson & Johnson plant in the Netherlands. But meeting pandemic demand would be an enormous challenge. Manufacturers have the most experience mass-producing inactivated vaccines, made with killed viruses, so this type may be the easiest to produce in large quantities.But there cannot be just one vaccine. If that were to happen, the company that made it would have no chance of meeting the world’s demand.“The hope is that they will all, at some level, be effective, and certainly that’s important because we need more than just one,” said Emilio Emini, a director of the vaccine program at the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, which is providing financial support to many competing vaccine efforts.As part of a public-private partnership the White House calls Operation Warp Speed, the Trump administration has promised to design a kind of parallel manufacturing track to run alongside the clinical trials, building up capacity well before trials are concluded, in hopes that one or more vaccines could be distributed immediately upon approval.President Trump said on Friday that the goal of the project was to distribute a vaccine “prior to the end of the year.” To do that, Mr. Trump is relying on the Defense Department to manage the manufacturing logistics related to vaccine development.But in an interview on Thursday, Gen. Gustave F. Perna, who will manage the manufacturing logistics, said discussions about the equipment and facilities needed for production were just beginning.He described his work as a “math problem”: how to get 300 million doses of a vaccine that doesn’t yet exist to Americans — by January.Finding the supplies and planning their distribution would occur at the same time, he said. “I need to have syringes,” General Perna said. “I need to have wipes, right? I need to have Band-Aids. I need to have the vaccine.”He added: “Now, how am I going to distribute it? What is it going to be distributed in? What do I need to order now to make sure I have the distribution capability? The small bottles, the trucks.”Dr. Amesh Adalja, an infectious disease physician and senior scholar at the Johns Hopkins University Center for Health Security, said that seemingly minor aspects of production and distribution could complicate progress later on.“This is on a scale we’ve never seen since the polio vaccine,” he said. “It’s the little things like the syringes, the needles, the glass vials. All of that has to be thought about. You don’t want something that seems so simple to be the bottleneck in your vaccination program.”A coronavirus vaccine doesn’t yet exist, but already there are questions about who will be able to afford it.At the World Health Assembly meeting this week, a proposal from the European Union was adopted recommending a voluntary patent pool, which would put pressure on companies to give up their monopolies on vaccines they’ve developed.Oxfam, an international charity, has published an open letter from 140 world leaders and experts calling for a “people’s vaccine,” which would be “made available for all people, in all countries, free of charge.”“These vaccines have to be a public good,” said Helen Clark, a former prime minister of New Zealand, who signed the letter. “We’re not safe till everyone is safe.”|1
Our researchers are committed to ending the COVID-19 pandemic — from vaccines to developing COVID-19 diagnostic and serology tests to modeling the spread of the virus. This is what they’re saying from the front lines of the research.On COVID-19 research"Everyone in the room at the same time got that what he was talking about was something that was going to really change our lives. You remember where you were when you realized what this was.” — Dr. Tom Lynch, Fred Hutch president and director on COVID-19 findings from Trevor BedfordSaving a city: How Seattle’s corporate giants banded together to flatten the curve - Fortune (April 17)"[Serological tests] can also be used to sample the population in order to form better estimates of the scale of infection and the death rate of the virus.” — Dr. Jesse BloomThe other coronavirus test we need — Axios (March 28). "The ability to sequence these viruses really rapidly has really had a profound impact on our ability to understand what's happening and understand the epidemiology of the virus." — Dr. Jesse BloomHow genetic mapping is allowing scientists to track the spread of coronavirus — NPR (March 19)“One thing that’s become clear is that genomics data gives you a much richer story about how the outbreak is unfolding." — Dr. Trevor BedfordHow coronavirus mutations can track its spread — and disprove conspiracies — National Geographic (March 26)“Once you have the antibody, you can discover whether or not it neutralizes the virus, whether it cross-neutralizes another strain of coronavirus, whether it’s potent, and where it binds. So, then you can do three things: You can use the antibody as a therapeutic, a prophylactic or you can use information about that antibody to help make a vaccine.” — Dr. Marie PanceraHutch team hunts for coronavirus antibodies — Fred Hutch News Service. On COVID-19 risk for patients“Patients with hematologic [blood] malignancies we believe will have the biggest risk. Also, patients who are in active chemotherapy and bone marrow transplant patients. Those are the ones with the most profound immune deficits.” — Dr. Steve Pergam“The message that’s very clear is that those who have comorbidities are at an increased risk from this infection. We have a lot of concerns both from this paper and another one that suggest there are increased rates of major complications, including the need for ICU, intubation and death in cancer patients — as many are double and triple hits. They not only have cancer but respiratory, cardiac or other organ dysfunction, as well.” — Dr. Steve Pergam“We don’t want to overburden the health care system with the worried well. It’s a balance. We want to be prepared but also make sure people don’t panic. If we panic, there will be a run on the health care system.” — Dr. Steve PergamCoronavirus: what cancer patients need to know — Fred Hutch News Service (March 6)“Individuals who have...evidence of recovery and are no longer shedding virus can fully return to the workforce and keep society functioning." – Dr. Trevor BedfordCoronavirus sleuth outlines his ‘Apollo program’ for bringing down the pandemic — GeekWire (March 18)On how COVID-19 has changed science. “Things are happening in a matter of hours or days that normally take weeks or months. It is going to help change the trajectory of this epidemic in the United States. ... We are sharing everything. There is a huge spirit of collaboration. This is a major emergency, and we all understand that.” — Dr. Keith JeromeUW Medicine deploys new, and needed, test for coronavirus — Fred Hutch News Service (March 4)“This is a wonderful response from the biomedical community to an epidemic, It’s both gratifying and problematic in the sense of how do you winnow all this down?" — Dr. Larry Corey on COVID-19 vaccine trials. With record-setting speed, vaccinemakers take their first shots at the new coronavirus — Science (March 31)“On the one hand, there is the rise of network science, and on the other, there is the enormous rise in computing power.” — Dr. Elizabeth HalloranMapping the social network of coronavirus — The New York Times (March 13)"The idea of a phylogenetic tree is common in this field, but we’ve tried to also make something that is beautiful and interactive, and is accessible and easy to read for nonexperts, including the public.” —  Dr. Trevor Bedford“The nature of viruses is to mutate”: Mapping the spread of a deadly disease — Vanity Fair (March 11)|1
Intravenous vitamin C is already being employed in China against COVID-19 coronavirus. I am receiving regular updates because I am part of the Medical and Scientific Advisory Board to the International Intravenous Vitamin C China Epidemic Medical Support Team.Direct report from ChinaOMNS Chinese edition editor Dr. Richard Cheng is reporting from China about the first approved study of 12,000 to 24,000 mg/day of vitamin C by IV. The doctor also specifically calls for immediate use of vitamin C for prevention of coronavirus (COVID-19). A second clinical trial of intravenous vitamin C was announced in China on Feb. 13th. In this second study, says Dr. Cheng, "They plan to give 6,000 mg/day and 12,000 mg/day per day for moderate and severe cases. We are also communicating with other hospitals about starting more intravenous vitamin C clinical studies. We would like to see oral vitamin C included in these studies, as the oral forms can be applied to more patients and at home." And on Feb 21, 2020, announcement has been made of a third research trial now approved for intravenous vitamin C for COVID-19. Dr. Cheng, who is a US board-certified specialist in anti-aging medicine, adds: "Vitamin C is very promising for prevention, and especially important to treat dying patients when there is no better treatment. Over 2,000 people have died of the COIV-19 outbreak and yet I have not seen or heard large dose intravenous vitamin C being used in any of the cases. The current sole focus on vaccine and specific antiviral drugs for epidemics is misplaced."He adds that: "Early and sufficiently large doses of intravenous vitamin C are critical. Vitamin C is not only a prototypical antioxidant, but also involved in virus killing and prevention of viral replication. The significance of large dose intravenous vitamin C is not just at antiviral level. It is acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) that kills most people from coronaviral pandemics (SARS, MERS and now NCP). ARDS is a common final pathway leading to death."We therefore call for a worldwide discussion and debate on this topic."News of vitamin C research for COVID-19 is being actively suppressedAnyone saying that vitamin therapy can stop coronavirus is already being labeled as "promoting false information" and promulgating "fake news." Even the sharing of verifiable news, and direct quotes from credentialed medical professionals, is being restricted or blocked on social media. You can see sequential examples of this phenomenon at my Facebook page https://www.facebook.com/themegavitaminman. Indeed, the World Health Organization (WHO) has, literally, met with Google and Facebook and other media giants to stop the spread of what they declare to be wrong information.Physician-directed, hospital-based administration of intravenous vitamin C has been marginalized or discredited. Scientific debate over COVID-19 appears to not be allowed.Ironically, Facebook, blocking any significant users' sharing of the news of approved vitamin therapy research, is itself blocked in China by the Chinese government. As for the internet, yes, China has it. And yes, it is censored. But, significantly, the Chinese government has not blocked this real news on how intravenous vitamin C will save lives in the COVID-19 epidemic. Here is the protocol as published in Chinese. Medical orthodoxy obsessively focuses on searching for a vaccine and/or drug for coronavirus COVID-19). While they are looking for what would be fabulously profitable approaches, we have with vitamin C an existing, plausible, clinically demonstrated method to treat what coronavirus patients die from: severe acute respiratory syndrome, or pneumonia.And it is available right now.To read all Orthomolecular Medicine News Service Reports on COVID coronavirus and intravenous vitamin C|0
drinking lemon water could kill the virus, due to the vitamin C found in lemon|0
China felt the initial brunt of the Covid-19 epidemic. At the peak of its outbreak in mid-February, the country saw more than 5,000 cases in a single day. As of May 7, Chinese health authorities had acknowledged over 83,970 cases and 4,637 deaths – most of them within the province of Hubei. Since March, however, the country has seen a remarkable slowdown. on March 17, China recorded just 39 new cases of the virus. Most of the country's new cases are imported from elsewhere in the world – for now at least, it appears that China has its outbreak under control.But while things were slowing down in China, the outbreak started picking up in the rest of the world. There are now confirmed cases in at least 200 countries and territories. Outside of China, the US has seen the highest number of cases. The country – which has been criticised for its slow rollout of testing and confused approach to the crisis – now has 1,228,609 confirmed infections and 73,431 deaths.Italy has seen the highest number of deaths in Europe, with 29,684 deaths and 214,457 confirmed infections, mostly in the north of the country. The country has had the longest-running lockdown of any country and on May 4 started to ease its restrictions for the first time after nine weeks.Spain is also in the grip of a significant outbreak. The country has 220,325 confirmed infections and 25,857 deaths – the third-highest number within Europe after the UK and Italy. There, citizens are under lockdown, with the government shutting all schools, bars, restaurants and non-essential supermarkets down. People are only allowed to leave their homes to buy food or to go to work. Germany has 168,162 confirmed cases and 7,275 deaths, a rate lower than many other European countries. Social distancing rules stayed in place until May 4, but the country is slowly relaxing its requirements with some shops starting to re-open their doors. Austria, which has 15,752 confirmed cases and 609 deaths was the first European country to partially lift its lockdown on April 14.While the number of new cases continues to rise sharply, people are also recovering from the infection. Globally, 1,248,874 people have recovered from Covid-19 – about 33 per cent of all of the people who had confirmed infections, although the true number of coronavirus cases will be much higher.|1
By all accounts and from the very beginning it was clear that Coronavirus Disease 2019 (Covid-19) was at the very most a bad cold – little more dangerous than the annual flu – but being deliberately hyped to stampede the public into a tangled web of bad policies.As early as last month cooler-headed experts warned that hyped death rates spread by politicians, the Western corporate media, other various panic-mongers, and even World Health Organization (WHO) officials would give way to much, much lower death rates as more people were tested, found to have had the virus, and showed little to no symptoms.The numbers of infections versus deaths in Iceland where testing has been the most widespread shows a death rate of about 0.5%, though only 5% of the population has been tested. 50% of those tested showed no symptoms at all meaning that many, many more Icelanders likely had the virus, overcame it with ease, and never visited a doctor or hospital to avail themselves for testing or to make into national Covid-19 statistics.Another study conducted in the United States by Stanford University found the infection rate was likely 50-85 times higher than reported – meaning the death rate was astronomically lower than reported at around 0.2% to as low as 0.12% – not the 3-4% claimed by the World Health Organization.In other words – Covid-19 is no more dangerous or deadly than the annual flu. But it has been hyped as such by Western politicians, the Western corporate media, and even international institutions like WHO – a deliberate deception accompanied by coordinated theater including government briefings with reporters comically spaced out in “fear” of contracting Covid-19.Other props used to panic the public into imprisoning themselves at home and accepting the immense socioeconomic damage “lockdowns” are causing included showing the expotential graphs of infections seemingly rising straight up with no end in sight.If responsible journalists put these graphs in context – say, perhaps next to annual flu infection curves – the public would notice they are identical and simply represent the way the flu, colds, and Covid-19 which is related to both – work their way through populations.The same goes for total deaths. Should the media present Covid-19 deaths in the context of and in comparison to annual deaths from the flu, Americans – for example – would see that versus the 2019 flu season, Covid-19 is actually 30,000-40,000 deaths short of just matching the common flu – saying nothing of living up to the hype and hysteria the government and media have deliberately created around Covid-19 to justify lockdowns.So why have governments around the globe crippled their economies, put millions out of work, and placed draconian measures in place to, in essence, imprison their populations at home?Those with power and money seek to keep what they have and to take what little is left in the hands of others. During the manufactured “War on Terror,” similar hysteria was deliberately spread across society to justify draconian police powers at home and endless wars abroad – pouring ultimately trillions into the accounts of defense contractors and the financial institutions invested in them.During a manufactured health crisis like the 2009 H1N1 “Swine Flu” outbreak, the unfounded fear of an uncontrollable pathogen ravaging the population helped justify the centralizing of control over people’s health and lifestyle while pumping billions in pubic funding into the coffers of big-pharma.And here we are again with the very same interests who lied to us about all of the above, doing it again and on a much larger and more destructive scale – creating socioeconomic havoc virtually no one will escape completely.If the Covid-19 hoax doesn’t convince you to divest from the politicians and the corporations they serve – including divesting from big-business’ goods and services – nothing will. Special interests just beta-tested turning entire nations into virtual prisons. If people allow it this time, their ability to do it again and to an even greater and more disruptive degree is all but guaranteed.|0
It's thought that people can have the virus for up to 14 days without having any symptoms.This time before symptoms develop is called the incubation period.Most people who catch COVID-19 will have an illness like a bad cold or flu. Some people will have a more severe illness, like pneumonia.You’re more likely to have a severe illness if: you are older, you live in a nursing home or care home, you are male, you are obese, you are a smoker, you have high blood pressure, you have diabetes, you have cardiovascular disease (a condition affecting your heart or your blood vessels,e.g. heart attack, stroke, heart failure, angina), you have a disease affecting your lungs (e.g. asthma, COPD). you have non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, you have cancer, you have had an organ transplant, you are recovering from surgery. Children seem to be infected with corona virus less frequently than adults. Most children who catch COVID-19 have had close contact with an infected person.The most common symptoms of COVID-19 are: fever, coughing, shortness of breath, loss of sense of smell, and reduced sense of taste,Less common symptoms can include: aches and pains, feeling tired, diarrhoea, feeling nauseous or vomiting, abdominal (tummy) pain, loss of appetite, coughing up a lot of phlegm, sore throat, confusion, dizziness, blocked or runny nose, conjunctivitis (red or watery eyes), headache, skin rashes, and coughing up blood.COVID-19 can also cause sepsis. This is when the body’s immune system reacts badly to an infection and attacks the body. It affects about 5 in 100 people with COVID-19. The symptoms of sepsis include: fever, a fast heartbeat, confusion not needing to urinate as much as usual, and mottled, patchy skin. There have been reports of COVID-19 causing a severe illness in children, with a fever lasting more than five days, a rash, swollen glands in the neck, red fingers or toes and dry, cracked lips. This is very rare but if you have concerns about your child, it’s very important to speak to a doctor as soon as possible. As you can see, many of the less serious symptoms of COVID-19 are similar to those of a bad cold or flu. So it can be hard to diagnose COVID-19 without testing. If your doctor thinks that you might have COVID-19, you might need some tests, such as collecting a sample from your nose or mouth, blood tests, a chest x-ray, or another type of scan of your chest called a CT (computed tomography) scan.Some people who are seriously ill with COVID-19 can develop problems with their kidneys,liver, heart or brain. If this happens, you might need more tests and extra care.Pregnant and breastfeeding women. We don't know for certain whether the virus can pass from a mother who is infected to her baby in the womb, or to a baby through breastfeeding. The symptoms of COVID-19 during pregnancy are the same as in people who are not pregnant. If you are pregnant and you develop symptoms, you should contact your doctor straight away. You might need regular ultrasound scans during your pregnancy if you have had COVID-19. And you and your baby might need extra monitoring during labour and after giving birth.Some countries, such as the UK, recommend that pregnant women should follow strict social distancing measures|1
For months, the establishment has been dishing out a narrative claiming that the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) is a natural, albeit mysterious and unexplained, phenomenon that probably originated at a Chinese meat market. But contrary evidence continues to surface suggesting that the virus actually originated inside a Chinese laboratory and research center.Many virologists continue to deny this, of course, claiming that there is no evidence to support the notion that the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) might in any way be unnatural. But the genetic hallmarks they are looking for as proof may not be as evident as previously believed because modern genetic engineering can be done without leaving a trace.Believe it or not, a Swiss research team was able to create a synthetic clone of the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) in less than a month. And they did this by inserting genetic fragments in such a way that, unless a scientist knows exactly what to look for, would not necessarily be apparent.Over the past 15-20 years, researchers have been actively studying, dissecting, reconstructing and otherwise tampering with coronaviruses of various types. This includes the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19), which one scientific researcher describes as an “obvious chimera,” meaning it is a combination of at least two pre-existing viruses.This scientist, who goes by the name of Yuri Deigin and edits the Open Longevity journal both in Russian and English, says that the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) is based on an ancestral bat strain of coronavirus known as RaTG13, but with a replaced receptor binding motif (RBM) in its spike protein.The Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) also contains an added stretch of four different amino acids that he says were inserted into the virus, creating a furin cleavage site “that, as virologists have previously established, significantly expands the ‘repertoire’ of the virus in terms of whose cells it can penetrate.”Because of this, Deigin speculates, the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) was probably able to mutate and jump species, leaving its original host and infecting humans. And it just so happens that this very type of research was taking place at the infamous Wuhan Institute of Virology in Wuhan, China, which is where the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) originated.Virologists like Shi Zhengli, Deigin points out, have “done many similar things in the past,” including replacing the RBM in one type of virus with the RBM of another. They have also added new furin sites to coronaviruses, creating new artificial species-specific coronaviruses that borrow from other coronaviruses in their ability to do new things.Now this does not necessarily mean that the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) was an intentional bioweapon, at least in Deigin’s view. It could be that it was an experiment gone wrong rather than an intentional effort at plunging the entire world into a pandemic. At the same time, it does seem clear that the virus did, in fact, come from a lab, and probably from the Wuhan Institute of Virology.Teams led by Shi Zhengli have created at least eight artificial chimeric coronaviruses over the years, and received money from NIH. Deigin uncovered that between the years of 2007 and 2017, Shi Zhengli and colleagues created at least eight new chimeric coronaviruses with a variety of RBMs. And in 2019, the United States National Institutes of Health (NIH) actually gave the Wuhan Institute of Virology $3.7 million as part of a grant entitled, Understanding the Risk of Bat Coronavirus Emergence.That same year, Shi Zhengli co-authored a paper calling for continued research into these and other synthetic viruses, both in vitro and in vivo, arguing that there are “no clinical treatments or prevention strategies” currently available with regard to human coronaviruses.All of this is highly suspicious, seeing as how 2019 was the very same year that the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) first emerged in China, and in the same city where Shi Zhengli and colleagues were working on similar coronaviruses. There is little doubt that this chimeric virus originated in that lab, despite continued denial by the Chinese Communist Party (CCP).But it no longer matters what the CCP claims as people all over the world are figuring out the truth on their own. It is at least apparent that something went amiss with the containment of this virus, and it is possible that whatever happened was intentional.Deigin lays out the details from Shi Zhengli’s 2019 paper about the relative ease with which even a graduate student in the field could create such a virus. He also spells out the detailed biology of the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) as evidence that it definitely matches the type of thing that Shi Zhengli describes.Based on the evidence he puts forth, which you can peruse in its entirety at this link, the only logical conclusion is that the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) is genetically modified and came from the Wuhan Institute of Virology. He also traces the origins of the RaTG13 strain from which the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) was derived.Amazingly, Shi Zhengli admitted just this year that she was the one who isolated RaTG13 back in 2013 from Yunnan horseshoe bats of the Rhinolophus affinis variety. None of this was known, however, until January 2020 when the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) first started arriving in the U.S.All of this absolutely implicates communist China in the unleashing of this global pandemic, not to mention the NIH that helped to fund this type of research. Heads need to roll, and those who have been victimized by this thing – including everyone who has been forced into lockdown – deserves a full measure of justice.Bioweapon or not, the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) is a product of China, as well as a product of our own federal government. And both entities need to be held accountable for the roles they played in scourging the planet with this invisible beast.On the other hand, if it was all just an accident as Deigin believes was probably the case, then those involved need to fess up and admit their error rather than continue to claim that all just some wild conspiracy theory.|0
Story at-a-glance –As of January 27, 2020, China reported 2,835 confirmed cases of novel coronavirus-infected pneumonia (NCIP), including 76 deaths. The first case was reported in December 2019. Since then, cases have also been reported in the U.S., Canada, Australia, Japan, Thailand, Vietnam, Singapore, Taiwan, South Korea and FranceClinical manifestations of NCIP are consistent with viral pneumonia The hysteria being drummed up follows a well-worn pattern where the population is kept in a state of fear about microbes so that drug companies can come to the rescue with yet another expensive (and potentially mandatory) drug or vaccine In January 2018, China’s first biosecurity level 4 lab designed for the study of the world’s most dangerous pathogens opened its doors in Wuhan City, the epicenter of the current NCIP outbreak October 18, 2019, Johns Hopkins Center for Health Security, the World Economic Forum and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation sponsored a pandemic preparedness exercise in New York, practicing for the emergence of a new fictional viral illness dubbed “coronavirus acute pulmonary syndrome”. Thirty-four patients had recovered and been discharged as of January 22, 2020. The first case was reported December 21, 2019. According to ProMED International Society for Infectious Diseases: “Patients’ clinical manifestations were consistent with viral pneumonia. Most patients had severe and nonproductive cough following illness onset, some had dyspnea, and almost all had normal or decreased leukocyte counts and radiographic evidence of pneumonia. Huanan Seafood Wholesale Market has western and eastern sections, and 15 environmental specimens collected in the western section were positive for 2019-nCoV virus through RT-PCR testing and genetic sequencing analysis. Despite extensive searching, no animal from the market has thus far been identified as a possible source of infection.” On January 21, 2020, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention confirmed the first U.S. case6 — a patient in Washington state who had recently visited Wuhan, China. A second case, in Illinois, was confirmed January 24, 2020.7 This patient had also recently returned from a visit to Wuhan. Since then cases have also been reported in Canada, Australia,8 Japan, Thailand, South Korea,9 France,10 Taiwan, Vietnam, Singapore and Saudi Arabia.11 January 22, 2020, China shut down all transport networks in and out of Wuhan — a city with a population of 11 million — in an effort to contain the spread of the disease. So far, most of those who have died have been elderly. As reported by the Foreign Policy Journal: “One puzzling aspect so far is the thankful lack of child victims. Usually, children, with less developed immune systems than adults, come down with one illness after another. Yet few children have yet been reported with coronavirus symptoms. That does not mean that no children have been infected. A similar pattern of benign disease in children, with increasing severity and mortality with age, was seen in SARS and MERS. SARS had a mortality rate averaging 10 percent. Yet no children, and just 1 percent of youths under 24, died, while those older than 50 had a 65 percent risk of dying. Is being an adult a risk factor per se? If so, what is it about childhood that confers protection?” The Foreign Policy Journal goes on to suggest children may be protected by other vaccines given during childhood, such as the measles and rubella vaccines. It even goes so far as to wonder whether innate immunity against the coronavirus might be boosted in adults by giving them the measles vaccine.If you ask me, that would be a significant long-shot. Vaccines have risks, so getting a vaccine on the remote chance that it might confer protection against a completely different infection than what it’s designed for seems inappropriate in the extreme. As noted in the Washington Examiner:“Sending out coronavirus vaccines won’t make sense unless the spread gets worse … The bare facts, at least as far as anyone knows them yet, are that a global rollout of a coronavirus vaccine would kill some 7,000 people or so. Of course, we’re never going to get everyone vaccinated. And I’m guessing here, but that average death rate from vaccination, for all things, is one in a million.Yes, that’s including those influenza shots the old folks are abjured to get every winter — we know that some will die because of them. That we know this is exactly why we have the vaccine compensation program. The … trade-off in this situation is how many we kill by giving them the vaccine, versus how many die without it? The coronavirus is simply not widespread enough yet to take the risk of jabbing everyone.” Like other coronaviruses, such as the Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV) and the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV), this new coronavirus (dubbed 2019-nCoV15), is suspected of being zoonotic, meaning it can be transmitted between animals and humans. The disease itself has been named “novel coronavirus-infected pneumonia” or NECIP.16 As reported by CNN:“Both SARS and MERS are classified as zoonotic viral diseases, meaning the first patients who were infected acquired these viruses directly from animals. This was possible because while in the animal host, the virus had acquired a series of genetic mutations that allowed it to infect and multiply inside humans. Now these viruses can be transmitted from person to person. In the case of this 2019 coronavirus outbreak, reports state that most of the first group of patients hospitalized were workers or customers at a local seafood wholesale market which also sold processed meats and live consumable animals including poultry, donkeys, sheep, pigs, camels, foxes, badgers, bamboo rats, hedgehogs and reptiles.” However, while media have been quick to blame the outbreak on snakes18 and bat soup,19 as of January 22, none of the animals sold at the Wuhan Huanan Wholesale Seafood Market had been found to carry the virus. Meanwhile, a number of other reports cast a disturbing light on the outbreak, raising questions about biohazard safety at laboratories working with dangerous pathogens. Season of Fear and National Budgeting Go Hand in Hand Whatever the source, the hysteria being drummed up follows a now well-worn pattern where the population is kept in a perpetual state of anxiety and fear about microbes so that drug companies (aided by federal health officials) can come to the rescue with yet another expensive (and potentially mandatory) drug or vaccine. Back in 2005, headlines warned the U.S. was facing a cataclysmic extermination event with a calculated 2 million Americans succumbing to the bird flu; the best-case scenario had a calculated death toll of 200,000. The same scare tactics were used during the 2009 swine flu outbreak. Both pandemics turned out to be grossly exaggerated threats, but that didn’t result in a more conservative, cool-headed approach to subsequent outbreaks. If anything, efforts to drum up fear and hysteria have only escalated. In 2014, we were told Ebola might overtake the U.S. and then it was pertussis outbreaks.21 In January 2015, it was measles in Disneyland. In January 2016, it was zika, followed by more news about pertussis outbreaks.22 In 2017 and 2018 it was influenza,23 then back to measles again in 2019.24 Now we have coronavirus. January and February appear to be a favorite time to launch a global disease scare with the dutiful assistance of corporatized media. It’s convenient, seeing how usually by the first Monday in February every year (Feb. 3, 2020), the president sends the U.S. Congress the administration’s budget requesting funds to be allocated to federal agencies for the next fiscal year’s budget (Oct. 1, 2020 – Sept. 30, 2021).Each time there’s a public health scare, the Pharma and public health lobby is able to vie for a larger slice of taxpayer money to pay for drug and vaccine development.26 January 23, 2020, Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the NIH’s National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, announced a coronavirus vaccine is in the pipeline, with human trials set to start in about three months.27 Stock prices for makers of coronavirus vaccines experienced an immediate upswing28,29 in response to media reports of impending doom. Moratorium on SARS/MERS Experiments Lifted in 2017. As mentioned, a number of reports raise questions about the source of the 2019-nCoV. For starters, a 2014 NPR article30 was rather prophetic. It discusses the October 2014 U.S. moratorium on experiments on coronaviruses like SARS and MERS, as well as influenza virus, that might make the viruses more pathogenic and/or easy to spread among humans. The ban came on the heels of “high-profile lab mishaps” at the CDC and “extremely controversial flu experiments” in which the bird flu virus was engineered to become more lethal and contagious between ferrets. The goal was to see if it could mutate and become more lethal and contagious between humans, causing future pandemics. However, for the past decade there have been red flags raised in the scientific community about biosecurity breaches in high containment biological labs in the U.S. and globally.31 There were legitimate fears that a lab-created superflu pathogen might escape the confines of biosecurity labs where researchers are conducting experiments. It’s a reasonable fear, certainly, considering that there have been many safety breaches at biolabs in the U.S. and other countries.32,33,34,35. The federal moratorium on lethal virus experiments in the U.S. was lifted at the end of December 2017,36 even though researchers announced in 2015 they had created a lab-created hybrid coronavirus similar to that of SARS that was capable of infecting both human airway cells and mice. The NIH had allowed the controversial research to proceed because it had begun before the moratorium was put in place — a decision criticized by Simon Wain-Hobson, a virologist at Pasteur Institute in Paris, who pointed out that “If the [new] virus escaped, nobody could predict the trajectory.” Others, such as Richard Ebright, a molecular biologist and biodefence expert at Rutgers University, agreed, saying “The only impact of this work is the creation, in a lab, of a new, non-natural risk.” Wuhan Is Home to Lab Studying World’s Deadliest PathogensIn January 2018, China’s first maximum security virology laboratory (biosecurity level 4) designed for the study of the world’s most dangerous pathogens opened its doors — in Wuhan.39,40 Is it pure coincidence that Wuhan City is now the epicenter of this novel coronavirus infection? The year before, Tim Trevan, a Maryland biosafety consultant, expressed concern about viral threats potentially escaping the Wuhan National Biosafety Laboratory, which happens to be located just 20 miles from the Wuhan market identified as ground zero for the current NCIP outbreak.42 As reported by the Daily Mail:43 “The Wuhan lab is also equipped for animal research,” and “Regulations for animal research — especially that conducted on primates — are much looser in China than in the U.S. and other Western countries … But that was also cause for concern for Trevan. Studying the behavior of a virus like 209-nCoV and developing treatments or vaccines for it requires infecting these research monkeys, an important step before human testing. Monkeys are unpredictable though, warned [Rutgers University microbiologist Dr. Richard] Ebright. ‘They can run, they can scratch they can bite,’ he said, and the viruses they carry would go where their feet, nails and teeth do.'” Coronavirus Outbreak Simulation Took Place in October 2019 Equally curious is the fact that Johns Hopkins Center for Health Security, the World Economic Forum and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation sponsored a novel coronavirus pandemic preparedness exercise October 18, 2019, in New York called “Event 201.”44 The simulation predicted a global death toll of 65 million people within a span of 18 months.45 As reported by Forbes December 12, 2019: “The experts ran through a carefully designed, detailed simulation of a new (fictional) viral illness called CAPS or coronavirus acute pulmonary syndrome. This was modeled after previous epidemics like SARS and MERS.” Sounds exactly like NCIP, doesn’t it? Yet the new coronavirus responsible for NCIP had not yet been identified at the time of the simulation, and the first case wasn’t reported until two months later. Forbes also refers to the fictional pandemic as “Disease X” — the same designation used by The Telegraph in its January 24, 2020, video report, “Could This Coronavirus be Disease X?”47 which suggests that media outlets were briefed and there was coordination ahead of time with regard to use of certain keywords and catchphrases in news reports and opinion articles.Johns Hopkins University (JHU) is the biggest recipient of research grants from federal agencies, including the National Institutes of Health, National Science Foundation and Department of Defense and has received millions of dollars in research grants from the Gates Foundation.48 In 2016, Johns Hopkins spent more than $2 billion on research projects, leading all U.S. universities in research spending for the 38th year in a row. If research funded by federal agencies, such as the DOD or HHS is classified as being performed “in the interest of national security,” it is exempt from Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) requests.Research conducted under the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA) is completely shielded from FOIA requests by the public.51 Additionally, agencies may deny FOIA requests and withhold information if government officials conclude that shielding it from public view “protects trade secrets and commercial or financial information which could harm the competitive posture or business interests of a company.”52 The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention under the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services states that its mission is “to protect America from health, safety and security threats, both foreign and in the U.S.”53 Clearly, it will be difficult to obtain information about government-funded biomedical research on microbes like coronavirus conducted at major universities or by pharmaceutical corporations in biohazard labs. How likely is it, then, that the coronavirus outbreak making people so sick today “suddenly” emerged simply because people ate bats and snakes in a Wuhan market? It looks more like a biosecurity accident but, until more is known, inevitably there will be questions than answers about whether this latest global public health emergency is a more ambitious tactical “sand table exercise,” echoing unanswered questions about the 2009 swine flu pandemic fiasco. This time, there could be a lot more bodies left on the field, although some statisticians conducting benefit cost analyses may consider 65 million casualties in a global human population of 7.8 billion people54 to be relatively small when advancing medical research conducted in the name of “the greater good.”Signs and Symptoms of NCIP, According to the WHO, signs and symptoms of NCIP in its initial stages include: Fever Fatigue Sore throat Shortness of breath Dry cough In more severe cases, the infection can lead to pneumonia, severe acute respiratory syndrome and kidney failure. Care Advice WHO’s “rapid advice note,” detailing how to care for patients presenting mild symptoms of NCIP in the home can be downloaded here. Recommendations include: Placing the patient in a well-ventilated room Limiting the number of caretakers. Ideally, designate a healthy younger person who has no underlying risk factors to care for the patient (older people appear to be more susceptible to severe disease) Keeping other household members in a different room, or keeping a distance of at least 1 meter (3.2 feet) from the patientLimiting the movement of the patient and minimizing shared space. Make sure shared spaces such as kitchen and bathroom are well-ventilated by keeping the windows open Instructions on protective gear, such as protective masks and gloves, and the safe handling and disposal of them are also detailed, as are special instructions for how to maintain good hygiene to prevent the spread of the virus throughout the home. General recommendations for how to reduce your risk of contracting an infection at home, work or when traveling can be found on WHO’s Novel Coronavirus Advice for the Public page. A key recommendation — which applies to all infections, both bacterial and viral — is to frequently wash your hands with soap and water. Also, be sure to cover your mouth and nose when coughing or sneezing, and avoid close contact with anyone exhibiting symptoms of cold or influenza. According to Peter Horby, professor of emerging infectious diseases and global health at the Centre of Tropical Medicine and Global Health at the University of Oxford, NCIP has the hallmark signs of “classic viral pneumonia,” and since there are currently no antivirals available for NCIP, the focus of care is to support the lungs and other organs until the patient recovers.During this time, I recommend boosting your immune system with regular sensibly controlled sun exposure and, when unable to do that, taking oral vitamin D3. Adding liposomal vitamin C and quercetin supplements can also be helpful.All three help protect against infections in general, and quercetin may offer benefits as a treatment for SARS coronavirus infections.58 According to a study59 in the Journal of Virology, “quercetin offers great promise as a potential drug in the clinical treatment of SARS.” Resveratrol is another antioxidant that could be useful. It’s been shown to inhibit MERS-CoV infection, at least in vitro.60There are some events that happen, which are not in our control, but one thing we can do is learn how to better respond to bad news that causes stress, which can depress the immune system.Living in a constant state of anxiety and fear is not healthy. Finding ways to lower stress through regular exercise, spending time in nature, practicing meditation and getting plenty of sleep on a daily basis all help optimize immune function and decrease the effects of stress that are all too often a part of our lives today.|0
"Never mix household bleach with ammonia or any other cleanser," CDC says.As the coronavirus outbreak continues to accelerate in the U.S., cleaning supplies are disappearing off the shelves and people are worried about every subway rail, kitchen counter and toilet seat they touch.But how long can the new coronavirus linger on surfaces, anyway? The short answer is, we don't know. A new analysis found that the virus can remain viable in the air for up to 3 hours, on copper for up to 4 hours, on cardboard up to 24 hours and on plastic and stainless steel up to 72 hours. This study was originally published in the preprint database medRxiv on March 11,  and now a revised version was published March 17 in The New England Journal of Medicine. What's more, SARS-CoV-2 RNA was found on "a variety of surfaces" in cabins of both symptomatic and asymptomatic people who were infected with COVID-19 on the Diamond Princess cruise ship, up to 17 days after the passengers disembarked, according to a new analysis from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). However, this was before disinfection procedures took place and "data cannot be used to determine whether transmission occurred from contaminated surfaces," according to the analysis. In other words, it's not clear if the viral particles on these surfaces could have infected people.Another study published in February in The Journal of Hospital Infection analyzed several dozen previously published papers on human coronaviruses (other than the new coronavirus) to get a better idea of how long they can survive outside of the body. They concluded that if this new coronavirus resembles other human coronaviruses, such as its "cousins" that cause SARS and MERS, it can stay on surfaces —  such as metal, glass or plastic — for as long as nine days (In comparison, flu viruses can last on surfaces for only about 48 hours.But some of them don't remain active for as long at temperatures higher than 86 degrees Fahrenheit (30 degrees Celsius). The authors also found that these coronaviruses can be effectively wiped away by household disinfectants. For example, disinfectants with 62-71% ethanol, 0.5% hydrogen peroxide or 0.1% sodium hypochlorite (bleach) can "efficiently" inactivate coronaviruses within a minute, according to the study. "We expect a similar effect against the 2019-nCoV," the researchers wrote, referring to the new coronavirus. But even though the new coronavirus is a similar strain to the SARS coronavirus, it's not clear if it will behave the same.Diluted household bleach solutions, alcohol solutions containing at least 70% alcohol and most EPA-registered common household disinfectants should be effective at disinfecting surfaces against the coronavirus, according to the CDC. The bleach solution can be prepared by mixing 5 tablespoons (one-third cup) of bleach per gallon of water or 4 teaspoons of bleach per quart of water, the CDC wrote in a set of recommendations.However, "never mix household bleach with ammonia or any other cleanser," the CDC said. Mixing common cleaners together can create toxic fumes, according to a previous Live Science report. For example, when bleach is mixed with an acidic solution, a chemical reaction produces chlorine gas, which can cause irritation of the eyes, throat and nose. At high concentrations, that gas can cause breathing difficulties and fluid in the lungs, and at very high concentrations it can lead to death, according to the report.It's possible that a person can be infected with the virus by touching a contaminated surface or object, "then touching their own mouth, nose, or possibly their eyes," according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). "But this is not thought to be the main way the virus spreads." Though the virus remains viable in the air, the new study can't say whether people can become infected by breathing it in from the air,  according to the Associated Press. The virus is most likely to spread from person to person through close contact and respiratory droplets from coughs and sneezes that can land on a nearby person's mouth or nose, according to the CDC.If a person in a household is suspected or confirmed to have COVID-19, "clean and disinfect high-touch surfaces daily in household common areas," according to the CDC's recommendations. Common household areas include tables, hard-backed chairs, doorknobs, light switches, remotes, handles, desks, toilets and sinks.What's more, "As much as possible, an ill person should stay in a specific room and away from other people in their home," they wrote. The caregiver should try to stay away from the ill person as much as possible; this means the ill person, if possible, should clean and disinfect surfaces themselves. If that's not possible, the caregiver should wait "as long as practical" after an ill person uses the bathroom to clean and disinfect surfaces, according to the CDC. |1
2019 novel coronavirus contains "pShuttle-SN" sequence proving laboratory origin|0
I live in China. This year, like every other, people with severely compromised immune systems were and are suffering from pneumonia. In early January 2020, in Wuhan, China – a place with dreadful air quality—hospitals started receiving patients.In fact, for most of November, all of December, and most of January, the air quality index (AQI) was so bad that local governments regularly issued standard health warnings due to high levels of particulate matter. (At my school in Shanghai, if the AQI is over 150, children are cannot play outside. This is based on government advisories.)And please be aware, far from hiding the problem, government officials in China at the regional and national level, readily provide daily and historical reports of the air quality index, noting particulate matter (PM2.5) and more. Thus we can track data for Wuhan — and most other large cities and urban areas — for the past six years.Unsurprisingly, those diagnosed with severe forms of COVID-19 are the elderly and immunocompromised. Additionally, people who have a host of pre-existing conditions are at higher risk. (NEJM March 30th, 2020). The Boston-based non-profit, Health Effects Institute, says anywhere from 500,000 to 1,250,000 Chinese die due to air pollution alone each year. (see pages 11-13). But the question this report discusses is, “When people have pneumonia or other respiratory difficulties, what are the best treatment protocols?”Ceep it Cimple Ctupid: Intravenous Vitamin C … Again?All across China, not just in Wuhan, but also in other cities that saw pneumonia cases (and note, Chinese medical teams discuss COVID-19 as pneumonia), people are being cured with vitamin C.I am including the details from a public report written in Chinese and published by a medical team Xibei Hospital, affiliated with Jiao Tong University, in the city of Xi’an, Shaanxi province. (To complete the translation I used a combination of programs and resources:  Google Translate, Pleco, and Baidu Fanyi).Given what the doctors in Xi’an knew of reports from Wuhan (which is 500 miles away from Xi’an, in the neighboring province of Hubei), and from seeing pneumonia patients in early February 2020, a team at the Xibei Hospital, devised a protocol centered on the use of intravenous (IV) vitamin C against the Coronavirus. They first treated patients on February 10th. Critically ill patients received 200 mg of soluble vitamin C per kg body weight, once every 12 hours. After the first two treatments, the patient would get 100 mg/kg, every 24 hours, for the next four days. (Those presenting with moderate symptoms were given 100 mg/kg on day one).Arguably, these doses are too low. Practitioners and researchers like Dr. Suzanne Humphries (2014) and Thomas Levy, J.D., Ph.D. (2017), posit that intravenous infusions of vitamin C should be from 50-100g per day, and can be repeated every 3-7 days.The Xibei Protocol.Using the Xibei protocol, a person weighing 70 kg (154 pounds), would receive a total of 28 grams of vitamin C on the first day. Thereafter, they would receive 7 g per day. The clinical trial in Wuhan gave similar doses. On February 14th, 2020, the university hospital started giving pneumonia patients a non-body weight-dependent dose of 12 g of vitamin C every 12 hours for seven days.Even with their relatively low doses, patients in Xi’an were released after four to eight days of vitamin C. Thus, the protocol, emphasizing the antioxidant, ascorbic acid, has been a clear success.Nevertheless, my question is, Why don’t we hear of anything about intravenous vitamin C as a routine practice in the United States, or even in other developed countries with reported COVID19 cases like Italy, Spain, Germany, France, or Iran?What Does the Research Say about Vitamin C?The teams in China did not choose to administer vitamin C due to mere guesswork. To make the decision, they cited the medical literature and used their knowledge about respiratory diseases and oxidative stress.Dr. Zhi Yong Peng, at the Zhongnan Hospital, at Wuhan University, justified his decision to use vitamin C, noting:For most viral infections, there is a lack of effective antiviral drugs … Vitamin C, ascorbic acid, has antioxidant properties. Clinical studies have shown that vitamin C can effectively prevent [sepsis and related cytokine storms]. In addition, vitamin C can [protect the lungs].Vitamin C can effectively shorten the duration of (or even prevent) the common cold. In a controlled … trial, 85% of 252 students experienced a reduction in [cold] symptoms, [after receiving] high-dose vitamin C group (1g per hour for 6 hours, followed by 1g every 8 hours).Xibei Report on Vitamin C.According to the Xibei Hospital (2020) report:For patients with severe neonatal pneumonia and critically ill patients, vitamin C treatments should be initiated as soon as possible after admission. This is because whether the illness was similiar to infections seen in the past like Keshan disease, SARS, Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS), or the current new [COVID19] pneumonia, the main cause of death of patients is cardiopulmonary failure caused by increased acute oxidative stress. When the virus causes increased oxidative stress in the body and increased capillary permeability, early application of large doses of vitamin C can have a strong antioxidant effect, reduce inflammatory responses, and improve endothelial (heart tissue) function.They add:Numerous studies have shown that treatment with doses of vitamin C promote excellent results. Our past experience in successfully rescuing acute Keshan disease and current studies at home and abroad show that high-dose vitamin C can not only improve viral resistance, but more importantly, can prevent and treat acute lung injury and acute respiratory distress (ARDS).Why not nutrition?Dr. Thomas Levy has written many books and has given many lectures on the benefits of vitamin C for curing disease and body detoxification. Of course, Levy attributes this information great pioneer Frederick Klenner, MD. Klenner used ascorbic acid and developed protocols with intravenous and intramuscular applications of high dose vitamin C. He was published as early as 1949—reporting cures of polio, measles, mumps, chickenpox and more.Because I knew of the benefits of high dose vitamin C in early February, I encouraged four ex-pat doctors, working in Wenzhou, China, to give it to their patients. Wenzhou, a city of over 10 million, was the second Chinese city placed under a complete quarantine. These doctors ridiculed me and scoffed at the idea that nutrition could provide any relief to coronavirus patients. One actually said: “A vaccine is the only solution, as a virus has no effective treatment.” I voiced my objection to that idea, and had plans to use the antiviral drugs — then being touted by the WHO.Again, I insisted that antioxidants could save the sick. To this, the M.D. added: “Nutrition is important, but if nutrition is enough, why do governments make hospitals and medical colleges?”Why, indeed.What about Selenium?When I read the press release and protocol from Jiao Tong University Hospital, I wanted to learn more about Keshan disease. That rabbit hole only introduced me to more evidence that confirmed how nutrition can cure. Below are some excerpts from the Wikipedia entry on Keshan disease:Keshan disease, named after Keshan County of Heilongjiang province in Northeast China, is a congestive cardiomyopathy caused by a combination of dietary deficiency of selenium and the presence of a mutated [sic] strain of Coxsackievirus [sic] … Often fatal, the disease afflicts children and women of child-bearing age. It is characterized by heart failure and pulmonary edema.After reading all the references cited by the Wiki page, I concluded the following about Keshan disease and the state of scientific knowledge:Symptoms of respiratory difficulty and congestive heart disease were found to be prevalent in a wide belt of territory extending from northeast to southwest China (including parts of Shaanxi province. (See Ge and Yang 1979); those areas which are replete with selenium-deficient soils.The research holds that Keshan disease peaked from 1960–1970, when thousands died of the disease. And during that decade, China experienced a man-made famine. Then followed by food shortages, especially in rural parts of China.Intentional dietary supplementation with selenium reduced the incidence and harm of Keshan disease in China. (See Ge and Yang 1979).Keshan DiseaseBeck et al. (2003) cited a 1979 report from China. The report declared, unequivocally: “Populations living in areas of China with selenium-rich soils did not develop Keshan disease.”Given their interest, Beck et al. (2003) conducted research into the role of selenium and Keshan disease. They concluded:“[Experiments with mice] suggest that together with the deficiency in selenium, an infection with coxsackievirus was required for the development of Keshan disease.”Please appreciate the idea that viruses cause disease is not universally accepted—and arguably wrong for Keshan disease in particular. Ge and Yang (1979) claimed that Keshan disease was and is not related to any virus. Instead, they note it as seasonal – coming in the winter. Ge and Yang (1979) explored the question of a viral cause for Keshan disease but rejected that hypothesis due to a lack of evidence. Though most medical practitioners insist that viruses cause disease, recall that in 2005, Peter Doshi discovered that despite claims that influenza virus kills thousands of Americans every year, for 2001, America had only 18 confirmed flu deaths.The lack of evidence for a viral infection causing Keshan disease and the failure to find a flu virus in fatalities attributed to a virus should guide our thinking about COVID-19 today. Remember, the Chinese doctors in Xi’an treat pneumonia as pneumonia. And they lump together different viruses (SARS, MERS, etc.), saying that each causes oxidative stress.Oxidative Stress.If disease—all disease—is really about oxidative stress, as Dr. Thomas Levy holds, maybe the type of virus is irrelevant. Keep in mind, even though virologists categorize many types of viruses, there are no true species of viruses (Racaniello 2019, Lecture #1, minutes 56-57).To determine whether selenium deficiency was a specific link to the coxsackievirus, Beck et al. (2003) injected the influenza virus into selenium-deficient mice and mice fed with adequate amounts of selenium. As we should expect, the selenium-deficient mice had more severe pathology, more inflammatory distress, and produced more T-cells, antibodies, and hormones when they developed the respiratory infection.Consider that the viruses associated with pneumonia and other types of respiratory distress are different. In human populations, we generally see respiratory ailments with flu-like symptoms, and/or pneumonia, during the winter months. Additionally, we see respiratory illness in persons depleted of an essential antioxidant, selenium. That is, they are suffering from oxidative stress when exposed to the pathogen.Deficiency in Cuba.Going back to Beck et al. (2003), because their investigation into Keshan disease attributed the ailment to both selenium deficiency and a virus [sic], the team wanted to bolster their thesis with a case study. They provided some discussion about the relationship between said virus and selenium, in another part of the world—Cuba.During a period of severe nutritional deficit in Cuba (1989-1993), doctors found a rash of patients developing optic and peripheral neuropathy (Beck et al. 2003). The Cuban doctors discovered that their sick patients had oxidative stress due to selenium deficiency, and 84% had some mutated form of coxsackievirus. And the outbreaks occurred in the winter months when vitamin D3 blood-levels would be lowest (Beck et al. 2003).Just putting these few sources together, we know that:people get sick in winter.a virus is not essential to the formation of an illness or disease.More significantly, neither specific viruses nor any distinct diseases have a link to selenium deficiency. Selenium is an antioxidant. And when we raise our antioxidant levels and reduce oxidative stress, we can stay infection-free. Ergo, the key to beating or avoiding pneumonia, a cold, the flu, or any respiratory ailment, is to consume adequate amounts of selenium and vitamin C.Other important nutrients to take as supplements are vitamins A, E, and K, B-complex, magnesium, and zinc.Conquer COVID Craziness—and Encourage Others Too.The last time I took a class at a university was spring 2001. Since that time, I’ve been enjoying the benefits of my virtual university—the Internet. Over the last 20 years, I have heard lectures from professors and researchers on radio, podcasts, and YouTube. We now have access to millions of peer-reviewed articles, books, and historical accounts. I studied the best that our information age can offer. I learn from Drs. Viera Scheibner, Gary Null, Sherri Tenpenny, Thomas Levy, Rashid Buttar, Sherry Rogers, Nick Gonzales, Leonard Coldwell, Linus Pauling, Fred Klenner, Toni Bark, William Kelley, and many more.But I have not just absorbed their information, I have used their work as a jumping-off point to do further research … and you can too.The allopaths either do not know or do not care about nutrition (just ask Allan Smith). There is a general awareness of the intellectual laziness of American physicians. I have observed this after interactions with Western-trained doctors from South Africa, India, and the Middle East, the arrogance of their ignorance is endemic.From my survey of the current news, if you are in America or Europe, all you hear is that the best doctors can offer is hydroxychloroquine, antivirals or a future vaccine. But from the research, we can see that, instead of their pharmaceutical drugs (which can mask symptoms, but do not cure), what we all need is selenium-rich food (or whole food supplements) and high doses of vitamin C.Can We Get Back To Normalcy?There will always be people with viruses and respiratory difficulties. They will be suffering from oxidative stress—and that is NOT contagious. The numbers will rise in the winter when there is less sun. Less sun lowers vitamin D3 levels and reduces the absorption of phosphorous. Additionally, people are more likely to eat more starchy foods and get less vitamin C in their diet.This is why we hear of members of Congress, professional athletes in NBA, NHL, and world-class soccer players testing positive for COVID. These people were not in China, not eating bat soup, and not sharing ventilators with older people in Italian ICU wards. They did not contract an exogenous virus—their bodies made the virus due to oxidative stress. In fact, spontaneous endogenous generation of viruses, referred to by some as exosomes, would explain why Beck et al. (2003) discovered mutated and more virulent strains of the coxsackievirus in their selenium-depleted mice. They also discovered these strains in human subjects with low selenium. This also notes why researchers are forever finding new and mutated versions of viruses.Regardless, as Del Bigtree (2020) showed from the European data (minutes 80-90), in the winter of 2018, death rates across Europe were far higher than today—but there was no declaration of an epidemic or pandemic, and there was no global shut down.No Fear of the Unknown.This is not a time to accept economic stagnation and the social dislocation that will accompany it. It is not a time to fear that which you cannot see (a virus)—especially given that no medical doctor has ever proven that said viruses cause illness. (I will present more on the virus theory in future articles).Get your Vitamin C, selenium, and zinc, wash your hands to prevent bacterial infection and tell your friends to do the same.|0
Confirming the reports from small independent studies and 3 clinical trials, a Shanghai hospital has announced a recommendation to use high dose intravenous treatment of vitamin C to treat COVID-19, according to the Orthomolecular Medicine News Service. The announced official recommendation that COVID-19 should be treated with high doses of intravenous vitamin C come as welcomed news as the virus continues to spread. The dosage recommendation will vary with the severity of illness ranging from 50-200 milligrams per kilogram body weight per day to as much as 16,000 mg/kg/day.Note: "Using Vitamin C" was added to the title on April, 13, 2020. The doses are ranging from approximately 4,000 to 16,000 mgs for an adult which is administered by an IV. Atsuo Yanagisawa, MD, PhD who is President of the Japanese College of Intravenous Therapy states that this specific method of administration is very important because vitamin C’s effects are at least 10 times more powerful when taken by IV rather than orally, and that “Intravenous vitamin C is a safe, effective, and broad-spectrum antiviral.”Richard Z. Cheng, MD, PhD is the associate director for the clinical trials. We are proud to say that Dr. Cheng is a Fellow and board certified anti-aging physician by the American Academy of Anti-Aging Medicine (A4M) as well as being a Fellow and board certified A4M Integrative Cancer Therapy.  Dr. Cheng has been working closely with medical and government authorities through China and has been instrumental in facilitating at least 3 of the clinical IV vitamin C studies in China. Despite most of his work being sensored and blocked by most media Dr. Cheng has been trying to bring this information to the public and will continue his efforts to encourage more hospitals to implement IV vitamin C therapy along with high doses of oral vitamin C as well. Additionally, both Dr. Cheng and Dr. Yanagisawa recommend oral vitamin C for prevention of COVID-19. Comments from Dr. Cheng in February reads:“Vitamin C is very promising for prevention, and especially important to treat dying patients when there is no better treatment. Over 2,000 people have died of the COIV-19 outbreak and yet I have not seen or heard large dose intravenous vitamin C being used in any of the cases. The current sole focus on vaccine and specific antiviral drugs for epidemics is misplaced.”“Early and sufficiently large doses of intravenous vitamin C are critical. Vitamin C is not only a prototypical antioxidant, but also involved in virus killing and prevention of viral replication. The significance of large dose intravenous vitamin C is not just at antiviral level. It is acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) that kills most people from coronaviral pandemics (SARS, MERS and now NCP). ARDS is a common final pathway leading to death.The official statement from Xi’an Jiaotong University Second Hospital reads: “On the afternoon of February 20, 2020, another 4 patients with severe new coronaviral pneumonia recovered from the C10 West Ward of Tongji Hospital. In the past 8 patients have been discharged from hospital. . . [H]igh-dose vitamin C achieved good results in clinical applications. We believe that for patients with severe neonatal pneumonia and critically ill patients, vitamin C treatment should be initiated as soon as possible after admission. . .[E]arly application of large doses of vitamin C can have a strong antioxidant effect, reduce inflammatory responses, and improve endothelial function. . . Numerous studies have shown that the dose of vitamin C has a lot to do with the effect of treatment. . . [H]gh-dose vitamin C can not only improve antiviral levels, but more importantly, can prevent and treat acute lung injury (ALI) and acute respiratory distress (ARDS).”The protocol from the Chinese government can be read here, they are not blocking this news. Then why are we not hearing more about this on the news when you can find it published online in many places, it does make one wonder. But this can be corrected at any time by people sharing the news, we have included various links that will take you to the information including the clinical trials. To be blunt not sharing or withholding information from the public of potential treatments should be seen as negligence. Vitamin C is not new, it is available, and has been proven and used as an antiviral since the 1930s(1). Vitamin C has been injected at high doses since the 1940s(2), and has been used for influenza, SARS, and viral pneumonia in the decades since then(3). “At my hospital in Daegu, South Korea, all inpatients and all staff members have been using vitamin C orally since last week. Some people this week had a mild fever, headaches and coughs, and those who had symptoms got 30,000 mg intravenous vitamin C. Some people got better after about two days, and most had symptoms go away after one injection.” (Hyoungjoo Shin, M.D.)“We need to broadcast a message worldwide very quickly: Vitamin C (small or large dose) does no harm to people and is the one of the few, if not the only, agent that has a chance to prevent us from getting, and can treat, COVID-19 infection. When can we, medical doctors and scientists, put patients’ lives first?” (Richard Z. Cheng, MD, PhD, International Vitamin C China Epidemic Medical Support Team Leader).“We therefore call for a worldwide discussion and debate on this topic,” says Dr. Cheng.|0
You've gotten the basics down: you're washing your hands regularly and keeping your distance from friends and family. But you likely still have questions. Are you washing your hands often enough? How exactly will social distancing help? What's okay to do while social distancing? And how can you strategically stock your pantry and medicine cabinet in order to minimize trips to the grocery store and pharmacy? What can I do to protect myself and others from COVID-19? The following actions help prevent the spread of COVID-19, as well as other coronaviruses and influenza: Avoid close contact with people who are sick. Avoid touching your eyes, nose, and mouth. Stay home when you are sick. Cover your cough or sneeze with a tissue, then throw the tissue in the trash. Clean and disinfect frequently touched objects and surfaces every day. High touch surfaces include counters, tabletops, doorknobs, bathroom fixtures, toilets, phones, keyboards, tablets, and bedside tables. A list of products suitable for use against COVID-19 is available here. This list has been pre-approved by the US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) for use during the COVID-19 outbreak. Wash your hands often with soap and water. This chart illustrates how protective measures such as limiting travel, avoiding crowds, social distancing, and thorough and frequent handwashing can slow down the development of new COVID-19 cases and reduce the risk of overwhelming the health care system.What do I need to know about washing my hands effectively? Wash your hands often with soap and water for at least 20 seconds, especially after going to the bathroom; before eating; after blowing your nose, coughing, or sneezing; and after handling anything that's come from outside your home. If soap and water are not readily available, use an alcohol-based hand sanitizer with at least 60% alcohol, covering all surfaces of your hands and rubbing them together until they feel dry. Always wash hands with soap and water if hands are visibly dirty. The CDC's handwashing website has detailed instructions and a video about effective handwashing procedures. How does coronavirus spread? The coronavirus is thought to spread mainly from person to person. This can happen between people who are in close contact with one another. Droplets that are produced when an infected person coughs or sneezes may land in the mouths or noses of people who are nearby, or possibly be inhaled into their lungs. A person infected with coronavirus — even one with no symptoms — may emit aerosols when they talk or breathe. Aerosols are infectious viral particles that can float or drift around in the air for up to three hours. Another person can breathe in these aerosols and become infected with the coronavirus. This is why everyone should cover their nose and mouth when they go out in public. Coronavirus can also spread from contact with infected surfaces or objects. For example, a person can get COVID-19 by touching a surface or object that has the virus on it and then touching their own mouth, nose, or possibly their eyes. How could contact tracing help slow the spread of COVID-19? Anyone who comes into close contact with someone who has COVID-19 is at increased risk of becoming infected themselves, and of potentially infecting others. Contact tracing can help prevent further transmission of the virus by quickly identifying and informing people who may be infected and contagious, so they can take steps to not infect others. Contact tracing begins with identifying everyone that a person recently diagnosed with COVID-19 has been in contact with since they became contagious. In the case of COVID-19, a person may be contagious 48 to 72 hours before they started to experience symptoms. The contacts are notified about their exposure. They may be told what symptoms to look out for, advised to isolate themselves for a period of time, and to seek medical attention as needed if they start to experience symptoms.What is social distancing and why is it important? The COVID-19 virus primarily spreads when one person breathes in droplets that are produced when an infected person coughs or sneezes. In addition, any infected person, with or without symptoms, could spread the virus by touching a surface. The coronavirus could remain on that surface and someone else could touch it and then touch their mouth, nose or eyes. That's why it's so important to try to avoid touching public surfaces or at least try to wipe them with a disinfectant. Social distancing refers to actions taken to stop or slow down the spread of a contagious disease. For an individual, it refers to maintaining enough distance (6 feet or more) between yourself and another person to avoid getting infected or infecting someone else. School closures, directives to work from home, library closings, and cancelling meetings and larger events help enforce social distancing at a community level. Slowing down the rate and number of new coronavirus infections is critical to reduce the risk that large numbers of critically ill patients cannot receive life-saving care. Highly realistic projections show that unless we begin extreme social distancing now — every day matters — our hospitals and other healthcare facilities will not be able to handle the likely influx of patients. What types of medications and health supplies should I have on hand for an extended stay at home? Try to stock at least a 30-day supply of any needed prescriptions. If your insurance permits 90-day refills, that's even better. Make sure you also have over-the-counter medications and other health supplies on hand. Medical and health supplies, prescription medications,prescribed medical supplies such as glucose and blood-pressure monitoring equipment, fever and pain medicine, such as acetaminophen, cough and cold medicines, antidiarrheal medication, thermometer, fluids with electrolytes,  soap and alcohol-based hand sanitizer, tissues, toilet paper, disposable diapers, tampons, sanitary napkins, garbage bags. Should I keep extra food at home? What kind? Consider keeping a two-week to 30-day supply of nonperishable food at home. These items can also come in handy in other types of emergencies, such as power outages or snowstorms. canned meats, fruits, vegetables, and soups, frozen fruits, vegetables, and meat, rotein or fruit bars, dry cereal, oatmeal, or granola, peanut butter or nuts, pasta, bread, rice, and other grains, canned beans, chicken broth, canned tomatoes, jarred pasta sauce, oil for cooking, flour, sugar, crackers, coffee, tea, shelf-stable milk, canned juices, bottled water canned or jarred baby food and formula pet food. household supplies like laundry detergent, dish soap, and household cleaner. What precautions can I take when grocery shopping? The coronavirus that causes COVID-19 is primarily transmitted through droplets containing virus, or through viral particles that float in the air. The virus may be breathed in directly and can also spread when a person touches a surface or object that has the virus on it and then touches their mouth, nose, or eyes. There is no current evidence that the COVID-19 virus is transmitted through food. Safety precautions help you avoid breathing in coronavirus or touching a contaminated surface and touching your face. In the grocery store, maintain at least six feet of distance between yourself and other shoppers. Wipe frequently touched surfaces like grocery carts or basket handles with disinfectant wipes. Avoid touching your face. Wearing a cloth mask helps remind you not to touch your face and can further help reduce spread of the virus. Use hand sanitizer before leaving the store. Wash your hands as soon as you get home.If you are older than 65 or at increased risk for any reason, limit trips to the grocery store. Ask a neighbor or friend to pick up groceries and leave them outside your house. See if your grocery store offers special hours for older adults or those with underlying conditions. Or have groceries delivered to your home.What precautions can I take when unpacking my groceries? Recent studies have shown that the COVID-19 virus may remain on surfaces or objects for up to 72 hours. This means virus on the surface of groceries will become inactivated over time after groceries are put away. If you need to use the products before 72 hours, consider washing the outside surfaces or wiping them with disinfectant. The contents of sealed containers won't be contaminated. After unpacking your groceries, wash your hands with soap and water for at least 20 seconds. Wipe surfaces on which you placed groceries while unpacking them with household disinfectants. Thoroughly rinse fruits and vegetables with water before consuming. And wash your hands before consuming any foods that you've recently brought home from the grocery store. What should and shouldn't I do during this time to avoid exposure to and spread of this coronavirus? For example, what steps should I take if I need to go shopping for food and staples? What about eating at restaurants, ordering takeout, going to the gym or swimming in a public pool?The answer to all of the above is that it is critical that everyone begin intensive social distancing immediately. As much as possible, limit contact with people outside your family. If you need to get food, staples, medications or healthcare, try to stay at least six feet away from others, and wash your hands thoroughly after the trip, avoiding contact with your face and mouth throughout. Prepare your own food as much as possible. If you do order takeout, open the bag, box or containers, then wash your hands. Lift, fork or spoon out the contents into your own dishes. After you dispose of these outside containers, wash your hands again. Most restaurants, gyms and public pools are closed; but even if one is open, now is not the time to go. Here are some other things to avoid: playdates, parties, sleepovers, having friends or family over for meals or visits, and going to coffee shops — essentially any nonessential activity that involves close contact with others.What can I do when social distancing? Try to look at this period of social distancing as an opportunity to get to things you've been meaning to do. Though you shouldn't go to the gym right now, that doesn't mean you can't exercise. Take long walks or run outside (do your best to maintain at least six feet between you and non-family members when you're outside). Do some yoga or other indoor exercise routines when the weather isn't cooperating. Kids need exercise too, so try to get them outside every day for walks or a backyard family soccer game (remember, this isn't the time to invite the neighborhood kids over to play). Avoid public playground structures, which aren't cleaned regularly and can spread the virus. Pull out board games that are gathering dust on your shelves. Have family movie nights. Catch up on books you've been meaning to read, or do a family read-aloud every evening. It's important to stay connected even though we should not do so in person. Keep in touch virtually through phone calls, Skype, video, and other social media. Enjoy a leisurely chat with an old friend you've been meaning to call. If all else fails, go to bed early and get some extra sleep! Should I wear a face mask? The CDC now recommends that everyone in the US wear nonsurgical masks when going out in public. Coronavirus primarily spreads when someone breathes in droplets containing virus that are produced when an infected person coughs or sneezes or when a person touches a contaminated surface and then touches their eyes, nose, or mouth. But people who are infected but do not have symptoms, or have not yet developed symptoms, can also infect others. That's where masks come in. A person infected with coronavirus — even one with no symptoms — may emit aerosols when they talk or breathe. Aerosols are infectious viral particles that can float or drift around in the air. Another person can breathe in these aerosols and become infected with the virus. A mask can help prevent that spread. An article published in NEJM in March reported that aerosolized coronavirus could remain in the air for up to three hours. What kind of mask should you wear? Because of the short supply, people without symptoms or without exposure to someone known to be infected with the coronavirus can wear a cloth face covering over their nose and mouth. They do help prevent others from becoming infected if you happen to be carrying the virus unknowingly. While N95 masks are the most effective, these medical-grade masks are in short supply and should be reserved for healthcare workers. Some parts of the US also have inadequate supplies of surgical masks. If you have a surgical mask, you may need to reuse it at this time. But never share your mask. Surgical masks are preferred if you are caring for someone who has COVID-19 or you have any respiratory symptoms (even mild symptoms) and must go out in public.Masks are more effective when they are tight-fitting and cover your entire nose and mouth. They can help discourage you from touching your face (be sure you're not touching your face more often to adjust the mask). Masks are meant to be used in addition to, not instead of, physical distancing. The CDC has information on how to make, wear, and clean nonsurgical masks. The WHO offers videos and illustrations on when and how to use a mask. Is it safe to travel by airplane? Stay current on travel advisories from regulatory agencies. This is a rapidly changing situation. Anyone who has a fever and respiratory symptoms should not fly if at all possible. Even if a person has symptoms that feel like just a cold, he or she should wear a mask on an airplane. Is there a vaccine available? No vaccine is available, although scientists will be starting human testing on a vaccine very soon. However, it may be a year or more before we even know if we have a vaccine that works. Can a person who has had coronavirus get infected again? While we don't know the answer yet, most people would likely develop at least short-term immunity to the specific coronavirus that causes COVID-19. However, that immunity could want over time and you would still be susceptible to a different coronavirus infection. Or, this particular virus could mutate, just like the influenza virus does each year. Often these mutations change the virus enough to make you susceptible, because your immune system thinks it is an infection that it has never seen before.Will a pneumococcal vaccine help protect me against coronavirus? Vaccines against pneumonia, such as pneumococcal vaccine and Haemophilus influenza type B (Hib) vaccine, only help protect people from these specific bacterial infections. They do not protect against any coronavirus pneumonia, including pneumonia that may be part of COVID-19. However, even though these vaccines do not specifically protect against the coronavirus that causes COVID-19, they are highly recommended to protect against other respiratory illnesses.My husband and I are in our 70s. I'm otherwise healthy. My husband is doing well but does have heart disease and diabetes. My grandkids' school has been closed for the next several weeks. We'd like to help out by watching our grandkids but don't know if that would be safe for us. Can you offer some guidance?People who are older and older people with chronic medical conditions, especially cardiovascular disease, high blood pressure, diabetes, and lung disease are more likely to have severe disease or death from COVID-19, and should engage in strict social distancing without delay. This is also the case for people or who are immunocompromised because of a condition or treatment that weakens their immune response.The decision to provide on-site help with your children and grandchildren is a difficult one. If there is an alternative to support their needs without being there, that would be safest.Can my pet infect me with the virus that causes COVID-19?At present, there is no evidence that pets such as dogs or cats can spread the COVID-19 virus to humans. However, pets can spread other infections that cause illness, including E. coli and Salmonella, so wash your hands thoroughly with soap and water after interacting with pets.What can I do to keep my immune system strong?Your immune system is your body's defense system. When a harmful invader — like a cold or flu virus, or the coronavirus that causes COVID-19 — gets into your body, your immune system mounts an attack. Known as an immune response, this attack is a sequence of events that involves various cells and unfolds over time.Following general health guidelines is the best step you can take toward keeping your immune system strong and healthy. Every part of your body, including your immune system, functions better when protected from environmental assaults and bolstered by healthy-living strategies such as these:Don't smoke or vape.Eat a diet high in fruits, vegetables, and whole grains.Take a multivitamin if you suspect that you may not be getting all the nutrients you need through your diet.Exercise regularly.Maintain a healthy weight.Control your stress level.Control your blood pressure. If you drink alcohol, drink only in moderation (no more than one to two drinks a day for men, no more than one a day for women).Get enough sleep.Take steps to avoid infection, such as washing your hands frequently and trying not to touch your hands to your face, since harmful germs can enter through your eyes, nose, and mouth. Should I go to the doctor or dentist for nonurgent appointments? During this period of social distancing, it is best to postpone nonurgent appointments with your doctor or dentist. These may include regular well visits or dental cleanings, as well as follow-up appointments to manage chronic conditions if your health has been relatively stable in the recent past. You should also postpone routine screening tests, such as a mammogram or PSA blood test, if you are at average risk of disease. Many doctor's offices have started restricting office visits to urgent matters only, so you may not have a choice in the matter. As an alternative, doctor's offices are increasingly providing telehealth services. This may mean appointments by phone call, or virtual visits using a video chat service. Ask to schedule a telehealth appointment with your doctor for a new or ongoing nonurgent matter. If, after speaking to you, your doctor would like to see you in person, he or she will let you know.What if your appointments are not urgent but also don't fall into the low-risk category? For example, if you have been advised to have periodic scans after cancer remission, if your doctor sees you regularly to monitor for a condition for which you're at increased risk, or if your treatment varies based on your most recent test results? In these and similar cases, call your doctor for advice. Should I postpone my elective surgery?It's likely that your elective surgery or procedure will be canceled or rescheduled by the hospital or medical center in which you are scheduled to have the procedure. If not, then during this period of social distancing, you should consider postponing any procedure that can wait.That being said, keep in mind that "elective" is a relative term. For instance, you may not have needed immediate surgery for sciatica caused by a herniated disc. But the pain may be so severe that you would not be able to endure postponing the surgery for weeks or perhaps months. In that case, you and your doctor should make a shared decision about proceeding.|1
The EU’s initial response to the massive outbreak of coronavirus in Italy was largely “inadequate,” and a lack of European solidarity opened the doors for Russia and China, former Italian Foreign Minister Franco Frattini told RT.The new epicenter of the dreaded pandemic, Italy, has been struggling to stop the spread of Covid-19 for weeks now. The disease has already killed more than six thousand people in the country, with over 60 thousand people infected.EU tried to pin the blame on Italy.The EU clearly underestimated the virus, blaming the outbreak in Italy on its national healthcare system flaws, according to the two-time foreign minister and OSCE representative. As a result, Brussels, which preaches pan-European solidarity, failed to act when this solidarity was needed in the face of a crisis that eventually affected the entire bloc.Frankly speaking, Brussels is not doing enough. At the very first moment, Italy was practically alone against the virus. Many said it was all because of the Italian habits, because Italians do not respect the rules. Suddenly, they realized all the other countries were equally affected.The situation in other major EU states like Germany and France deteriorated rapidly, forcing them to deal with thousands of infected on their own soil.“Everyone just focused on the situation at home before even thinking about helping others,” Andrea Giannotti, the executive director of the Italian Institute of Eurasian Studies, told RT.The lack of solidarity was recently noted from outside of the bloc – Serbian President Aleksandar Vucic decried European solidarity as a myth, while praising Beijing for its assistance. His remarks came after Serbia received five million masks from China, which it could not get in Europe.The EU is now trying “to do more” and somehow “make up” for its initial poor execution of a coordinated response, former Italian MP Dario Rivolta said.Brussels has indeed ramped up its efforts, suspending the bloc’s strict Stability and Growth Pact regulating budgetary policy among others. Frattini particularly hailed this decision, which allows Rome to act freely in terms of budgetary spending, as “very important.” But this came only after Europe “realized its [measures] were inadequate to give a united response.”Still, it is not enough, Rivolta told RT, adding that “for the moment,” there are no major changes. And while financial relief is necessary, there are other things to be considered, such as medical assistance.“As for the medical aspects, the only thing that the EU did up to now was to put barriers between Italy and other countries.”Huge support in terms of expertise. At one point, requests for help were sent out all over the world, according to Giannotti.“Some Italian embassies were tasked with negotiating with local governments in order to find any opportunities to receive assistance from abroad, including help with equipment, which Italy lacks.” Russia and China were among those who responded. In total, Moscow prepared nine cargo planes with emergency aid, delivering vital medical equipment and supplies, as well as bringing experienced specialists in infectious diseases and military doctors to Italy. Now they will be deployed to the most affected regions in the country’s north.Frattini said the help was of the utmost importance: “What Russia has done is not comparable to what other countries have done, including China because China also sent something but not comparable with the support provided by Russia.”The specialists have provided “very huge support in terms of expertise… in terms of virology.”  The assistance serves as a gesture of solidarity in times of European sanctions on Moscow and the counter-measures, Giannotti said. Sending help “despite [the fact] the situation in Russia itself may also worsen” means it is a clear message that Moscow is ready to talk and settle issues with Europe when there is a greater need for cooperation.Speaking to RT, the Italian ambassador to Russia, Pasquale Terracciano, agreed that a joint approach is the best way to put an end to the pandemic.Thanking Moscow for the contribution, he said: “It will be crucial to recover from this tragic situation, hopefully soon.”|0
Bobby Kennedy Jr., the son of the late former US Attorney General and the nephew of the late President John F. Kennedy, is warning the world of the perils of vaccinations. He claims the push for more vaccines is all about the money.Bobby Kennedy Jr. was on a podcast this past week where he dropped some bombs about the perils of vaccinations.  In his interview at the 50:00 minute mark, Kennedy shares the following:You have the Vaccine Act of 86.  Now you have a project that has no liability so they have no incentive to make it safe.  Not only that they don’t have to test it and in fact they have an incentive not to test it because the only way you can get sued under the Vaccine Act is if you can show that the company knew of an injury and didn’t list it on the manufacturer’s insert.So there’s an incentive to know as little about the product as possible.  And, you can’t sue them, and there’s no market force that keeps them in check.  Because you can say that the vaccine is mandated for 78 million kids.  And, so the industry got together and manufacturers said, holy cow, now we have a product that has no liability, and that’s the biggest cost for drugs.  So they said, number one, we don’t have to test it, that’s a huge cost avoided.  Number two, there’s no liability and that’s the biggest cost avoided.  Number three, there’s no marketing or advertising costs, because it’s mandated.  So it’s just like printing money.If you can get a vaccine on the CDC’s recommended schedule it averages about a billion dollars annually in pure profits for your company .  When I was a kid I got three vaccines and was fully compliant and today’s kids get 72 vaccines.At the 59:00 minute mark, Kennedy shares the money and connections between Dr. Fauci and the Gates Foundation:Tony Fauci has many, many vaccine patents… and there’s one vaccine patent that he has that is a way of packaging a coronavirus with some other vaccine … in a protein sheet… and then delivering it through a vaccine… he somehow ended up owning that patent… Tony Fauci will be able to cash in …. So Fauci’s agency will collect half the royalties for that vaccine [related to the coronavirus].The above audio was shocking in describing the connections between Fauci and Gates and the alleged money they may make with a vaccine for the coronavirus.|0
Whatever effect warm weather has on the coronavirus, it won’t be enough to safely drop social restrictions.“Everybody hopes for seasonality” when it comes to the coronavirus pandemic, Peter Juni of the University of Toronto acknowledged. Maybe, just maybe, the summer will diminish the spread of Covid-19.But a new study, by Dr. Juni, an epidemiologist, and his colleagues in Canada and Switzerland, offers very little encouragement for warm-weather worshipers. In countries around the world, his research found, variations in heat and humidity had little to no effect on the spread of the pandemic. Differences in how the disease spread were instead strongly associated with public health measures like social distancing and school closures.Several other studies have found or projected modest effects of warmer climates or the increase of sunlight in diminishing the spread of the coronavirus, but all have emphasized the need for public health interventions.One reason is that most of the world’s population has no immunity to the virus. “This means the virus doesn’t need favorable conditions” to spread, Dr. Juni said.He and his colleagues did a forward-looking study in which they picked 144 countries or “geopolitical areas” around the world and established the conditions that prevailed from March 7 to March 13 in terms of temperature, humidity and public health measures.Then they followed those countries and how cases of Covid-19 grew during the subsequent period of March 21 to March 27, after a 14-day incubation period for infections during the earlier period to cause disease.The countries varied from Canada to the tropics, but no effect for temperature was found. Humidity had a very weak connection to diminished spread, they found. But by far the most important in associations with a diminished spread of the disease were school closings, social distancing and restrictions on large gatherings.“In our study,” the researchers wrote in the study, published Thursday in the Canadian Medical Association Journal, “only public health interventions were consistently associated with reduced epidemic growth, and the greater the number of co-occurring public health interventions, the larger the reduction in growth.”Other studies have reported mixed results on the effect of the weather and sunlight. One from researchers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology found that humidity seemed to slow the spread of the virus. Qasim Bukhari, one of the authors of that study, said the new report was interesting, although limited by the short time span it covered. He said he and his colleagues “also stressed in our work that public health interventions are very important.”Mark C. Urban, an ecologist at the University of Connecticut, found summer weather, including ultraviolet light, had some effect on the virus and its spread, but said “social interventions have by far the most important effect.”And a short report from the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering and Medicine concluded that summer was not likely to slow the virus significantly.All of the studies acknowledge uncertainty and limitations in their findings. And none diminish the primacy of public health measures. Dr. Juni said that given the effectiveness of social restrictions, school-opening strategies should be very carefully planned and tested.“We can’t have schools closed for more than a year and a half,” he said, but it is not yet known how best to reopen schools and what policies should be followed. Mistakes could mean that openings backfire, with devastating consequence for spread of the disease.|1
Many people with COVID-19 have mild, flu-like symptoms (see above question 1), which are rather common and need to be distinguished from similar symptoms caused by common cold viruses and from allergic symptoms during springtime.The following table presents a comparison of the most common symptoms of all three conditions according to their reported frequency.It is good to bear in mind that the definitive diagnosis of COVID-19 is not clinical, but through laboratory testing of a sample from the nose or mouth.|1
More data on mild and asymptomatic cases is desperately needed.As new reports of novel coronavirus cases surface along the U.S. West Coast, new research — and the existing disease surveillance network — may finally shed light on some of the most burning questions about the new virus, called SARS-CoV-2.Among the most pressing questions: How many cases are asymptomatic, versus mild, moderate or severe? And what is the real rate of fatalities compared with the total number of cases?Initial reports of the new coronavirus emerged from Wuhan, China, in December 2019, with patients presenting with pneumonia of unknown origin. As of March 2, more than 90,000 cases had been confirmed worldwide, including 45,705 cases that ended with patients recovering and more than 3,000 fatalities. On Feb. 28, U.S. health officials confirmed the first known case of the new coronavirus in a patient in the San Francisco Bay Area who had neither traveled abroad nor been exposed to someone known to have traveled to an area affected by the disease (which is called COVID-19). Since then, testing for the new coronavirus has quickly expanded, bringing the known total of cases to 105 in the U.S. Seven people in the U.S. have died from COVID-19.Tracing U.S. spreadGenetic analysis of the virus circulating on the West Coast suggests that COVID-19 has been transmitting through the region for about six weeks. This community spread was not detected earlier for several reasons. First, about 81% of cases do not require hospitalization, according to data from the outbreak in China. People experiencing symptoms such as a mild fever, cough and congestion are unlikely to visit a doctor. Second, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) protocol limited testing to only those with symptoms and a history of travel to an affected region. Finally, there is a lag between virus transmission and fatalities simply because it takes time for the most severe cases to kill. (A World Health Organization report from China found that it took three to six weeks for critical cases to be resolved, either when the patient died or recovered.)What is not yet clear from the U.S. data is how many people have been infected with the new coronavirus. This number is key for understanding disease severity and the mortality rate — after all, you must know the total number of cases to know what proportion of patients will become severely ill or die. China's best data so far puts the case-fatality rate at 2.3%. But that number may drop with better detection of mild and asymptomatic cases. Scientists expect to know more about this number in the coming weeks. Broader testing will help, Paul Biddinger, the vice chairman for emergency preparedness in the emergency medicine department of Massachusetts General Hospital, said in a Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health webcast on March 2. However, testing in the next days to weeks will still likely be limited to a subset of the sickest patients, Biddinger said."We have, right now, so few tests available that we have to prioritize testing for severe illness," he said in the webcast.The weapons of public health. Another method of ferreting out new coronavirus cases is looking at existing influenza and respiratory illness surveillance. This is the bread-and-butter work of public health, said Jennifer Horney, the director of the epidemiology program at the University of Delaware. Most states have what's called "syndromic surveillance," in which emergency rooms, emergency medical services, poison control centers and other medical centers report occurrences of influenza-like symptoms. Washington state, for example, uses the Rapid Health Information Network (RHINO) to collect data in near real time.Most states also have specific flu-monitoring networks, which gather reports of diagnosed influenza cases, usually on a weekly basis. All of this is information that state health departments can use to search for hints of undiagnosed COVID-19. "They'll be able to go back and see, Did we have more than a typical number of influenza-like illnesses, given what we know now?" Horney told Live Science.The number of cases it takes to raise the alarm depends on the infectious agent, the time of year and the population in a region, Horney said. In a large city like Seattle in the middle of winter, it might take hundreds of extra cases to raise the alarm, but in a less populous area in at the end of the season, it could take just a handful. Already, researchers are seeking out coronavirus cases in a more active way. The Seattle Flu Study, which uses genetic sequencing to track the transmission of seasonal influenza, has begun testing its samples for possible coronavirus as well as flu. The team has already reported finding a case of coronavirus in a Snohomish County high school student who had tested negative for the flu and who had been sent home to recover from mild respiratory symptoms. Public health researchers will also seek out cases based on interviews, similar to the way epidemiologists track an outbreak of foodborne illness, Horney said. As cases emerge, researchers reach out to hospitals and clinics in the affected area, searching for patients with telltale symptoms who were not diagnosed at the time of treatment. They can then interview those people to find out everywhere they've been and everyone they've interacted with. In the case of salmonella, a pattern might pop out: Everyone's eaten the same bagged spinach, or the same brand of fruit cup. In the case of COVID-19, the researchers might find that people with symptoms frequented the same stores or worked in the same office park. Already, the Washington state health department has monitoring contacts of the people already confirmed to have the coronavirus. "If we find that shared exposure, then we can link all those cases, regardless of severity," Horney said.Pyramid of cases. Tracking people with symptoms — whether mild, moderate or severe — is only the beginning, however. One big question about the new coronavirus is how many people transmit COVID-19 without showing symptoms at all, or showing so few symptoms they hardly realize they are sick, Marc Lipsitch, an epidemiologist at the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health, said in the March 2 webcast. Asymptomatic carriers and people with mild symptoms may be like the base of the iceberg, Lipsitch said. They're hard to detect, but they're very important for modeling how the disease will spread."When we model transmission and when we project how many people are going to get infected, the models don't know how many people are 'sick' or 'really sick,' they know how many are infected" regardless of severity, Lipsitch said. Scientists in China have already started doing studies that look for antibodies to the virus in people's blood, Lipsitch said. These studies are the only surefire way to confirm that someone has been infected with SARS-CoV-2 after the person recovers. The research will take time, but the more researchers know about the speed of the disease's spread, the more they'll be able to say about the likely length of the outbreak."What ultimately brings an epidemic under control," Lipsitch said, "is most people in the population becoming immune." |1
We don't know if changing seasons will help stem the outbreak, says Michael Le Page. WILL the covid-19 outbreakcaused by the new coronavirus fade as winter in the northern hemisphere comes to an end? This has been suggested by some researchers and repeated by some political leaders, including US president Donald Trump.“We absolutely don't know that,” says Trudie Lang at the University of Oxford. “I keep asking virologist colleagues this and nobody knows. So when you hear people say the weather will warm up and it will just disappear, it's a very unhelpful generalisation.”This is essentially what Trump said on 10 February. “The heat, generally speaking, kills this kind of virus,” he told a meeting. “A lot of people think that goes away in April as the heat comes in.”Trump isn't the only politician to make this sort of claim. The UK's health secretary, Matt Hancock, recently told ITV reporter Tom Clarke that the hope was to slow the spread of the virus so any epidemic reaches the UK in spring and summer when coronaviruses, of which the new virus is just a specific example, are less transmissible.One scenario is that it will burn itself out in summer, another that it will reduce but then return in winter. It is thought the virus – known as 2019-nCoV – can survive for up to four days on surfaces. Some researchers, including Paul Hunter at the University of East Anglia, UK, do think the new coronavirus won't survive for as long in warmer conditions.“One extreme scenario is that it will burn itself out sometime in the summer,” says Hunter. “The other extreme scenario is that it will reduce in the summer but it will come back again in the winter and become what we call endemic, in that it will spread pretty much everywhere.”However, if it is more infectious in cooler conditions, there is an increased chance of it spreading faster in the southern hemisphere as conditions there cool in the coming months. David Heymann at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, who led the global response to the SARS coronavirus outbreak in 2003, points out that the MERS coronavirus has spread in Saudi Arabia in August, when it is very hot. “These viruses can certainly spread during high temperature seasons,” he says.It is thought one reason why flu spreads less readily in summer is that people spend less time together in confined spaces. In particular, it could be linked to school closures, says John Edmunds, also at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine.However, children tend to spread flu because they have less immunity to it than adults, who have been exposed to many strains. This isn't the case for the new coronavirus: fewer cases have been reported in young people, though this may be just because they are less likely to become seriously ill.The World Health Organization says we don't know yet how heat and humidity affect the virus. “There is currently no data available on stability of 2019-nCoV on surfaces,” it says in its guidance on preventing infections.|1
Amid COVID-19 global pandemic, Texas governor to stop all alcohol sales beginning Friday April 3rd.” Other locations with similar announcements of alcohol bans included Scotland, New York, Maryland, Indiana, and New Jersey.|0
14 people who were confirmed cases of COVID-19 (in Europe), took MMS and have recovered their health. All of these tested positive and when re-tested after taking MMS, they came out negative for COVID-19. Those of us who have used chlorine dioxide (MMS) over the years certainly expected it to also work with this virus, but we wanted to be sure and now with this data we are confident that the proper mixture of chlorine dioxide (MMS) has every hope of eradicating COVID-19.If you have COVID-19: --Take Protocol 6 and 6 to start. This is one 6-drop dose of MMS, then one hour later take another 6-drop dose of MMS. --After two 6-drop doses of MMS, go on hourly doses of 3 activated drops in 4 ounces of water hourly . . . --For children, follow the same instructions as above and cut the amounts in half. Here is the testimony of a man who was experiencing very serious symptoms of Coronavirus: The man is 85 years old and was confirmed to have coronavirus. He was quarantined at home, all of his relatives at home were also infected, but the elderly man was in very serious condition and on oxygen—by far he was the most worst off. He was given a 1 liter bottle of water which had 20 activated drops of MMS added to it. He was instructed to take a sip from the bottle every five minutes, but not to let it go past 10 minutes. So every 5 to 10 minutes the man took a sip (not a big gulp, just a sip) from the bottle—that’s all, but he did this faithfully, every 5 to 10 minutes throughout the day until the bottle was finished, just a sip each time. After three days he was noticeably improved and off of the oxygen, so his dose was reduced to 12 activated drops in the 1 liter bottle of water and he drank from it, just sipping it, every half hour. He is recovering quickly—90% improved, has just a slight remnant of cough occasionally. The rest of the family who also took MMS are now fully recovered.|0
For all you dummies that have absolutely no idea what’s he’s talking about... UV light is injected into the body as a disinfectant to kill bacteria and viruses and this has been used for a while now. Just because it’s called a “disinfectant” doesn’t mean it’s Pine-Sol 😐 Y’all really showing your asses today. 🤣 — words by —John Lewis.Ultraviolet Blood Irradiation (UBI) is a procedure that exposes the blood to light to heighten the body's immune response and to kill infections. With exposure to UV light, bacteria and viruses in your bloodstream absorb five times as much photonic energy as do your red and white blood cells.For you to shame our president is just sad, he is a great man. As a combat vet I support and would give my life for that man. One thing we should do is start testing people who enter! Our country protect our borders! This cannot go unpunished!CNN fake news and MSNBC you are the ones that are going to get people hurt! The president not once said to inject yourself with disinfectant, IE Bleach, pine sol, etc etc... stop watching this fake news media shit please everyone! Go watch Fox News Tucker Carlson Tonight or Sean Hannity and if you want testing just protect the borders through airport testing there is a company trying to do just that XSPA XSPA Official Donald J. Trump For President 2020 keep doing what you are doing we the people stand behind you! Bring veterans to your press briefs we will ask better questions then those clowns!!|0
What a fantastic rollout of thebioweapon. I havenʼt seen fear like this since that little9/11 job back in 01. Everyone is just absolutely terrifiedand willing to give up whatever rights and liberties theyhave left.|0
Due to the Corona Virus, the polls will remain closed and the election is cancelled. Trump will remain president for the next 4 years.(Watch how quickly the epidemic is over)|0
Can anyone explain to me why they made a Coronavirus vaccine a year ago for K9s but are acting like this shit is a new virus that came from China just recently? If they have a vaccine for dogs, don't you think they would have one for humans too? Wtf is the government tring to pull on us really? |0
The available evidence indicates coronavirus originated in animals in China late last year and was not manipulated or produced in a laboratory as has been alleged, the World Health Organization said Tuesday in a news briefing in Geneva. "It is probable, likely, that the virus is of animal origin," WHO spokeswoman Fadela Chaib said.The global health body's remarks follow confirmation from President Donald Trump last week that his administration is investigating whether coronavirus originated in a lab in the Chinese city of Wuhan, where the disease emerged. Speculation about how coronavirus may have escaped the Wuhan Institute of Virology has circulated among right-wing bloggers and conservative media pundits. Coronavirus and college:Coronavirus displaced millions of college students, who worry how they're going to voteOne suggestion that the virus could be man-made and linked to a Chinese biowarfare program has been widely dismissed by scientists. Under a second scenario, the virus was naturally occurring – from a bat, say – but accidentally escaped the research facility because of poor safety protocols.Both notions are based on circumstantial evidence such as the Wuhan Institute of Virology's history of studying coronaviruses in bats, the lab's proximity to where some of the infections were first diagnosed and China's lax safety record in its labs. Chaib said there remain questions over how precisely coronavirus jumped the species barrier to humans, but an intermediate animal host is the most likely explanation. She said the coronavirus, which causes the disease COVID-19, "most probably has its ecological reservoir in bats."The Trump administration accused the WHO of a catalog of errors over its response to the pandemic, including failing to adequately prepare for the outbreak, raising the alarm too slowly and naively accepting flawed information from China.The WHO disputed all the allegations. Most public health experts don't agree with the Trump administration's specific criticisms of the WHO, although they acknowledge that the organization needs reform and lacks transparency. The Washington Post reported over the weekend that American officials working with the WHO sent back information to the White House about the spread of the virus in the crucial early days of January.|1
G2Church Sacramental Dosing for Coronavirus!For Adults: 6 drops activated MMS in 4 ounces of water every two hours 5 times first day, Repeat 2nd day. If all symptoms are gone then continue with 3 drops and [sic] hour for 8 hours for another 3 days!For Small Children: same a [sic] above but with only 3 drops. 1 drop instead of 3 drops for the 3 days after the first two days of strong dosing!NOTE: This should wipe it out this flu-like virus that many are being scared with its presence in this world!” For Sacramental Guidance and products please contact us at: support@genesis2church.is|0
Wuhan woman says coronavirus patients cremated alive; Over 1000 Hubei police infected with virus. Factories and businesses in China resume work. Some scenes of massive gatherings of Chinese people are raising concerns of the outbreak situation worsening.Inside one prison in eastern China, guards must sign forms promising not to spread so-called rumors about the situation inside the prison, amid the coronavirus outbreak.As the coronavirus continues to spread globally, four countries in the Middle East reported their first cases, while Italy’s increasing numbers of cases spread fear across Europe.|0
Antivirals and blood therapy sound promising, but how do they work, and when will we know if they truly treat COVID-19?WEEKENDS HAVEN’T EXISTED for Lisa Gralinski in quite some time. Most days, the microbiologist spends 12 hour shifts at a secure biosafety facility on the campus of the University of North Carolina-Chapel Hill. Wearing protective clothing and a respirator, she works inches away from a murderer’s row of potentially lethal coronaviruses, including the strain behind the COVID-19 pandemic.Gralinski is one of thousands of scientists around the world racing to test treatments that could quell the most serious viral pandemic in a century. To date, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration has not approved any medication specifically to treat COVID-19. Such remedies would likely take months to validate or years to design from scratch.In the meantime, hospitals have turned to repurposing treatments that have already been approved for other diseases. That’s why you’ve heard so much about the antimalarial drug hydroxychloroquine, the experimental antiviral drug remdesivir, and treatments involving convalescent plasma, a product derived from recovered patients’ blood that could help a newly infected person’s immune system fight the virus.Currently, doctors can give these medications to critically ill COVID-19 patients only by obtaining FDA permission on a case-by-case basis, under a so-called “compassionate-use” program. But experts don’t know for sure whether any treatment brings COVID-19 to heel. On April 21, an expert panel from the U.S. National Institutes of Health emphasized that researchers don’t yet have enough evidence to say whether hydroxychloroquine, remdesivir, or convalescent plasma on their own are effective against the infection. The same panel, however, did advise against the use of hydroxychloroquine plus the antibiotic azithromycin because of potential toxic side effects.Physicians won’t get clarity until the medications have gone through what are known as randomized, controlled trials. In these kinds of clinical tests, half of a pool of patients is randomly given the drug, and the other half—the control group—is given an otherwise identical dosage that’s missing the active ingredient.“If you don’t have a control, you will never know if a drug helped or harmed,” says Andre Kalil, a professor in the department of internal medicine at the University of Nebraska Medical Center.Here are some of the therapies currently being tested in this manner, with estimates of how soon they might be widely available for the general public. (For more on scientists trying to test and develop treatments for COVID-19, check out our podcast, “Overheard at National Geographic.” Plasma potentialOf all the treatments being tested against COVID-19, the antimalarial drugs hydroxychloroquine and chloroquine arguably have the highest profile. U.S. President Donald Trump repeatedly touts them as a potential remedy. To date, only a few small-scale studies have been published on hydroxychloroquine, and so far, they haven’t shown effectiveness with COVID-19. Worse yet, early data suggest using the drugs to treat coronavirus can have serious side effects on heart health.By contrast, one of the most promising treatments under development is one of the oldest: convalescent plasma. The idea is to isolate plasma—the liquid part of blood—and then process it to extract a serum rich with antibodies, proteins that bind to pathogens in our bodies and mark them for destruction.“When you get a vaccine, you mount your own antibodies, [but] when you get plasma, someone is transferring their antibodies into you,” says Arturo Casadevall, a microbiologist at the Johns Hopkins University Bloomberg School of Public Health. (Here's why a coronavirus vaccine could take way longer than a year.)The convalescent plasma technique has been used for more than a century, going back to the 1918 pandemic flu. It took a leap forward in the 1940s when Harvard Medical School scientist Edwin Cohn published a technique for separating plasma into its various components, including an antibody-rich serum.After Casadevall brought U.S. public awareness to the technique in a February Wall Street Journal op-ed, he and other leading physicians organized a national consortium to test it against COVID-19. Though more data are needed, the FDA is approving plasma’s use on a case-by-case basis for people with severe COVID-19, and a few anecdotal case reports have been published in medical journals.“I think that the moment in history that we are right now, with nothing else that is a proven, bona-fide solution to this astounding global problem, we need to be trying this right now,” says James Musser, the chair of the department of pathology and genomic medicine at Houston Methodist in Houston, Texas.On March 28, Houston Methodist became the first hospital in the U.S. to receive FDA approval for experimentally treating COVID-19 patients with convalescent plasma from confirmed COVID-19 patients who had recovered and not shown symptoms for at least two weeks. A day earlier, in the Journal of the American Medical Association, Chinese researchers reported that within two weeks of treatment, four out of five critically ill COVID-19 patients treated with plasma recovered from severe lung injuries, allowing three patients to be weaned off of ventilators.On April 6 in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, Chinese researchers reported that out of 10 severe COVID-19 cases treated with plasma, three improved so much during the trial period, they were discharged, and the other seven improved substantially.Hospitals across the country are now getting permission to treat their patients with convalescent plasma—even on a preventative basis. On April 3, Casadevall and his team at Johns Hopkins received FDA approval to test the use of convalescent plasma in health-care workers and other frontline staff, as a means of stopping them from coming down with COVID-19. On April 13, the FDA issued broader guidance to hospitals experimenting with the treatment.“Obviously, we don’t know whether it works until trials are done,” Casadevall says, “but based on history, it looks encouraging.”Intro to antivirals. At the same time, hospitals around the world are testing hundreds of drugs called antivirals, which are known to impede the biochemical tools that viruses use to enter cells and reproduce inside them. The largest such trial, the World Health Organization’s Solidarity trial, has signed up hospitals in 90 countries. Separate trials being run in the U.S. and elsewhere have enrolled hundreds of patients across dozens of hospitals.The array of drugs being tested includes remdesivir, an experimental antiviral drug developed by the U.S.-based pharmaceutical company Gilead Sciences. Remdesivir works by impersonating a building block of viral RNA, the genetic material used by the coronavirus, which gums up the works as the germ tries to replicate. The drug was originally developed to combat Ebola, but a 2018-2019 trial found that it was ineffective against that virus.However, a January study in Nature Communications found that remdesivir blocked the replication of the MERS virus, a relative of the novel coronavirus strain, in a petri dish. That result was soon followed by similar lab-based studies on SARS-CoV-2.Yet no studies published so far have confirmed that the drug is effective against COVID-19 in actual human patients. On April 10, researchers announced in the New England Journal of Medicine that among 53 people who received the drug under a compassionate-use program, 36 either were discharged or required less intensive respiratory support over the study period. However, that study didn’t measure if the amount of virus changed in the patients’ bodies during their treatment, so it is unclear if the drug was actually working as prescribed.Hopes rose on April 16, when the medical news publication STAT reported that early results in Chicago looked promising for remdesivir. But a week later, results from a Chinese trial were accidentally posted early to a World Health Organization database. The since-deleted summary stated that the drug had no clear benefit over standard care. However, Gilead Sciences chief medical officer Merdad Parsey later released a statement that the study had been ended early because of low enrollment, and as such, its conclusions weren’t statistically sound. On April 29, the Chinese results formally published in the medical journal The Lancet, which confirmed the leaked conclusion. Another large trial from China is still expected to publish this month.Gralinski, of UNC-Chapel Hill, says that because remdesivir stops viral replication, it might only be effective during COVID-19’s early stages. By the time someone has severe symptoms, much of the damage being done is from the patient’s own immune system. In past studies in mice, Gralinski found that treatment must start 24 to 36 hours after infection to prevent severe consequences.“It’s understandable that you’d want to test out these drugs on the sickest patients who are in the most need of intervention,” she says. “But if someone’s in full-blown respiratory distress, that’s really being caused a lot more by the host immune response” than the virus itself.Yet the verdict may still be pending for remdesivir, as preliminary results are trickling in from the U.S. On April 29, Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, described findings from a NIAID-funded trial that recruited 1,063 COVID-19 patients in the U.S., Europe, and Asia. The data don’t yet confirm that remdesivir prevents deaths from severe COVID-19. However, Fauci said half of the patients who received remdesivir recovered within 11 days versus 15 days for those without remdesivir.Two days later, the FDA granted emergency use authorization for remdesivir for treating COVID-19, which isn't the same thing as a full approval. Instead, the designation lets Gilead Sciences supply the drug to hospitals in need.Kalil, who is running the University of Nebraska’s branch of the bigger NIAID-funded trial, said in April that data collection could end in a few weeks, with early results arriving as soon as May. He adds that the trial has enough patients to tell whether both moderate and severe cases respond to the drug.“It is quite extraordinary; I’ve done [clinical trials] for 20 years, and this is the fastest speed I’ve ever seen,” Kalil says. “We as scientists and clinicians, we’ve learned the lessons from the past, and we’ve made this way faster than ever.”|1
Chinese scientists believe the deadly coronavirus may have started life in a research facility just 300 yards from the Wuhan fish market.A new bombshell paper from the Beijing-sponsored South China University of Technology says that the Wuhan Center for Disease Control (WHCDC) could have spawned the contagion in Hubei province. 'The possible origins of 2019-nCoV coronavirus,' penned by scholars Botao Xiao and Lei Xiao claims the WHCDC kept disease-ridden animals in laboratories, including 605 bats.  It also mentions that bats - which are linked to coronavirus - once attacked a researcher and 'blood of bat was on his skin.' The report says: 'Genome sequences from patients were 96% or 89% identical to the Bat CoV ZC45 coronavirus originally found in Rhinolophus affinis (intermediate horseshoe bat).'  It describes how the only native bats are found around 600 miles away from the Wuhan seafood market and that the probability of bats flying from Yunnan and Zhejiang provinces was minimal. In addition there is little to suggest the local populace eat the bats as evidenced by testimonies of 31 residents and 28 visitors. Instead the authors point to research being carried out withing a few hundred yards at the WHCDC. One of the researchers at the WHCDC described quarantining himself for two weeks after a bat's blood got on his skin, according to the report. That same man also quarantined himself after a bat urinated on him. And he also mentions discovering a live tick from a bat - parasites known for their ability to pass infections through a host animal's lood. 'The WHCDC was also adjacent to the Union Hospital (Figure 1, bottom) where the first group of doctors were infected during this epidemic.' The report says. 'It is plausible that the virus leaked around and some of them contaminated the initial patients in this epidemic, though solid proofs are needed in future study.' And as well as the WHCDC, the report suggests that the Wuhan Institute of Virology could also have leaked the virus, as has previously been reported by MailOnline. 'This laboratory reported that the Chinese horseshoe bats were natural reservoirs for the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV) which caused the 2002-3 pandemic,' the report says. 'The principle investigator participated in a project which generated a chimeric virus using the SARS-CoV reverse genetics system, and reported the potential for human emergence 10. A direct speculation was that SARS-CoV or its derivative might leak from the laboratory.' The report concludes that 'the killer coronavirus probably originated from a laboratory in Wuhan.' It comes as the outbreak has infected more than 69,000 people globally, with 1,665 deaths in China - most of these in the central province of Hubei. |0
You're right to be concerned about the flu. Fortunately, the same measures that help prevent the spread of the COVID-19 virus — frequent and thorough handwashing, not touching your face, coughing and sneezing into a tissue or your elbow, avoiding people who are sick, and staying away from people if you're sick — also help to protect against spread of the flu.If you do get sick with the flu, your doctor can prescribe an antiviral drug that can reduce the severity of your illness and shorten its duration. There are currently no antiviral drugs available to treat COVID-19.|1
The rapid spread of the virus that causes COVID-19 has sparked alarm worldwide. The World Health Organization (WHO) has declared this rapidly spreading coronavirus outbreak a pandemic, and countries around the world are grappling with a surge in confirmed cases. In the US, social distancing to slow the spread of coronavirus has created a new normal. Meanwhile, scientists are exploring potential treatments and are beginning clinical trials to test new therapies and vaccines. And hospitals are ramping up their capabilities to care for increasing numbers of infected patients.|1
Plan To Mitigate The Foreign Born Viral Coronavirus Invasion To America.There are simple and straightforward methods to blunt the coronavirus effects on America, given what we know about the spread of this virus, specific actions need to be implemented immediately. The facts are that the virus cannot spread without it getting access to a victim's mucus membranes via eyes, ears, and nose.Staff on airplanes and other public transport in high-risk situations of coming into contact with those who are infected, should be issued simple reusable masks and gloves made from an ion infused copper cotton material that is anti-viral on contact. The cotton should be infused with copper ions which kill viruses on contact, and thus wearing a copper infused cotton mask with or without an N95 or N99 filters are a superior protection choice.Prevention of mucus membrane exposure through contact with the hands or through inhalation along with use of tight fitting glasses will protect against cough droplets in the air, this is protection that can be manufactured inexpensively. Issuing colloidal silver in spray bottles to wash eyes will also greatly reduce risk of infection. A colloidal silver solution at 100 ppm is non irritating and universally viracidal as well as only costing a few cents per gallon to the manufacturer.  Technology now exists using nanotech vibrational tuning rods to detect the most infinitesimal amount of a discrete virus in solution. This technology is accurate to picogram scale. Originally developed in Germany, this technology has been commercialized and is being used for the detection of minute toxins in environmental materials. The same technology could be implemented for a very quick and inexpensive test for the virus, which would be much faster, cheaper and more accurate than the PCR technology currently being used. This would allow for instant screening of large numbers of people in rapid fashion at airports and other transportation ports as well as in the hospital and healthcare environments.In the past HEPA air filters were in common use because the airlines knew that the air in the cabins was recirculating previously breathed air and could increase the risk of spreading airborne infection. Unfortunately today they do not use these advanced filtration systems, as that raised the modest cost to the airlines per flight, and to save this small amount of money they discontinued use of these air filters. Additionally, the airlines insist on flying with the air vents closed in order to again save on the costs of a small amount of jet fuel being used in heating the air for the cockpit and the cabin. It would be a simple solution to install HEPA filters again in the air filtration systems. Airliners and cruise ships should also open the air vents to allow for less cross-contamination and rebreathing of stale air.A further solution would be the use of commercially available ozone generating machines between flights and airline cabins to detox and disinfect the cabin air and surfaces.  A blast of ozone is a superb disinfectant and could easily cleanse an airline cabin in 20 to 30 minutes; the same technology would be effective for cruise ships and trains as well.There are thousands of natural drugs, herbals, chemicals, plants and physical substances that have viral inhibiting and viral destructive capacity. A single lab could be used to test out these many products for the potential of a safe nontoxic answer to the coronavirus infection. A single lab with automated viral culture mass screening could quickly show which of the thousands of chemicals, drugs and other products of nature will stop this virus.Finally quarantine at home does not work and will not work as this virus has a long wait and see incubation period. It is also near impossible to keep people completely isolated. The answer is neighborhood isolation trailers that could be constructed quickly and easily, these could be delivered to a specific location where people in quarantine could be housed in near where they live. These isolation homes where the air would be filtered and the sewage would be kept in special isolated disinfected septic tanks, would allow for families to visit via large windows without risking contamination and delivery of food to their relatives via a two-way isolation door system. This would be a more humane and effective means of maintaining strict isolation, while maintaining people in their own community and not overwhelming hospitals with the burden of highly infectious diseased individuals.Patients on homecare with oxygen and BiPAP positive pressure airway therapy, would be on constant monitoring via telemedicine and Internet cameras, as well as medical telemetry to monitor their respiratory rate as well as their SA02 oxygen saturation, along with EKG, heart rate and their blood pressure. This monitoring could be accomplished via computer systems so that it was automated, again taking the strain and the stress away from the overburdened healthcare community.Should a patient’s condition begin faltering, a team of highly trained intensive care technicians in full hazmat isolation gear could be dispatched to the patient’s location in a matter of minutes, or just to ensure that a patient on homecare was receiving good care. This system may be even better than patient care in the hospital and would allow for patients who were deteriorating on homecare, to be rapidly transferred to hospital based respiratory intensive care units.Realize these technologies are off the shelf and are available at this very moment. The only question is the actual implementation of the system of remote controlled advanced high-tech medical care. This program could be in working status in a matter of days, and the cost savings would be immeasurable... the savings of lives.... would be even greater. All this with the added benefit of patients being able to isolate themselves at home in familiar environments, with the support of their already exposed family members.Utilizing an advanced use of CPAP, as well as remote teams of respiratory intensive care technicians, virtual reality tele-medicine, health monitoring telemetry, positive pressure oxygen therapy, and airway support could be an absolute game changer never seen before in the annals of healthcare.We owe the American people the best that we can provide.This worldwide pandemic is a manageable problem that need not lead to mass disruption or mass deaths. There is certainly a drug or many drugs that can inhibit this virus and prevent it’s furthered deadly outcome. The simplest of which are measures to protect your mucous membranes and to protect your hands from becoming germ transmitters. The American public deserves a better, more intelligent and more humane public health response from its Government. The above measures would give that to them at minimum cost and could be implemented in the matter of days, with no barriers stopping effective public health responses to this contagion impending threat to our nation.God bless America and God bless its leaders who take appropriate action to protect its citizens. History will record your actions accurately. |0
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) issued warning letters to seven companies for selling fraudulent COVID-19 products.  These products are unapproved drugs that pose significant risks to patient health and violate federal law.  The FDA and FTC are taking this action as part of their response in protecting Americans during the global COVID-19 outbreak. The warning letters are the first to be issued by the FDA for unapproved products intended to prevent or treat “Novel Coronavirus Disease 2019” (COVID-19).“The FDA considers the sale and promotion of fraudulent COVID-19 products to be a threat to the public health. We have an aggressive surveillance program that routinely monitors online sources for health fraud products, especially during a significant public health issue such as this one,” said FDA Commissioner Stephen M. Hahn, M.D. “We understand consumers are concerned about the spread of COVID-19 and urge them to talk to their health care providers, as well as follow advice from other federal agencies about how to prevent the spread of this illness. We will continue to aggressively pursue those that place the public health at risk and hold bad actors accountable.” “There already is a high level of anxiety over the potential spread of coronavirus,” said FTC Chairman Joe Simons. “What we don’t need in this situation are companies preying on consumers by promoting products with fraudulent prevention and treatment claims. These warning letters are just the first step. We’re prepared to take enforcement actions against companies that continue to market this type of scam.”The FDA is particularly concerned that products that claim to cure, treat or prevent serious diseases like COVID-19 may cause consumers to delay or stop appropriate medical treatment, leading to serious and life-threatening harm. The FDA and FTC jointly issued warning letters to Vital Silver, Quinessence Aromatherapy Ltd., Xephyr, LLC doing business as N-Ergetics, GuruNanda, LLC, Vivify Holistic Clinic, Herbal Amy LLC, and The Jim Bakker Show.  The products cited in these warning letters are teas, essential oils, tinctures and colloidal silver. The FDA has previously warned that colloidal silver is not safe or effective for treating any disease or condition. The FDA and FTC requested companies respond in 48 hours describing the specific steps they have taken to correct the violations. Companies that sell products that fraudulently claim to prevent, treat or cure COVID-19 may be subject to legal action, including but not limited to seizure or injunction. There are currently no vaccines or drugs approved to treat or prevent COVID-19. Although there are investigational COVID-19 vaccines and treatments under development, these investigational products are in the early stages of product development and have not yet been fully tested for safety or effectiveness. In addition to following up with companies that fail to make adequate corrections, the FDA and FTC will continue to monitor social media, online marketplaces and incoming complaints to help ensure that the companies do not continue to sell fraudulent products under a different company name or on another website. An FDA cross-agency task force has been established and dedicated to closely monitor for fraudulent products related to COVID-19. The task force has already reached out to major retailers to ask for their help in monitoring their online marketplaces for fraudulent products claiming to combat coronavirus and other pathogens. The task force has already worked with major retailers and online marketplaces to remove more than three dozen listings of fraudulent COVID-19 products. Several have already agreed to monitor their marketplaces for COVID-19 claims. The FDA reminds consumers to be cautious of websites and stores selling products that claim to prevent, mitigate, treat, diagnose or cure COVID-19. Fraudulent COVID-19 products may come in many varieties, including dietary supplements and other foods, as well as products purporting to be drugs, medical devices or vaccines. Products that claim to cure, mitigate, treat, diagnose or prevent disease, but are not proven safe and effective for those purposes, defraud consumers of money and can place consumers at risk for serious harm. Using these products may lead to delays in getting proper diagnosis and treatment of COVID-19 and other potentially serious diseases and conditions. The FDA encourages health care professionals and consumers to report adverse events or quality problems experienced with the use of COVID-19 products to the FDA’s MedWatch Adverse Event Reporting program. The FDA, an agency within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, protects the public health by assuring the safety, effectiveness, and security of human and veterinary drugs, vaccines and other biological products for human use, and medical devices. The agency also is responsible for the safety and security of our nation’s food supply, cosmetics, dietary supplements, products that give off electronic radiation, and for regulating tobacco products.|1
Data transparency and political sensitivity are two of the most critical challenges to effective global cooperation on the COVID-19 outbreak—and they are deeply entwined.China has a history of concealing, delaying or refusing to share data and information (this happened with SARS in 2002-2003 and in 2018, when China reportedly refused to share samples of a bird flu with pandemic potential). Leading global health agencies have praised China’s response to COVID-19, while other experts doubt the accuracy of the reported data. Data transparency is key to building much-needed trust—and preventing the misallocation of resources, which could slow the response.Some countries in Asia—where China holds significant economic and political influence—have carefully crafted their public coronavirus responses, aware that criticizing China could hinder cooperation. And all stakeholders face a difficult task: balancing effective disease response with the political sensitivity necessary for a successful, cooperative, global response.|1
Humanity is imprisoned by a killer pandemic. People are being arrested for surfing in the ocean and meditating in nature. Nations are collapsing. Hungry citizens are rioting for food. The media has generated so much confusion and fear that people are begging for salvation in a syringe. Billionaire patent owners are pushing for globally mandated vaccines. Anyone who refuses to be injected with experimental poisons will be prohibited from travel, education and work. No, this is not a synopsis for a new horror movie. This is our current reality.Let’s back up to address how we got here.In the early 1900s, America’s first Billionaire, John D. Rockefeller bought a German pharmaceutical company that would later assist Hitler to implement his eugenics-based vision by manufacturing chemicals and poisons for war. Rockefeller wanted to eliminate the competitors of Western medicine, so he submitted a report to Congress declaring that there were too many doctors and medical schools in America, and that all natural healing modalities were unscientific quackery. Rockefeller called for the standardization of medical education, whereby only his organization be allowed to grant medical school licenses in the US. And so began the practice of immune suppressive, synthetic and toxic drugs. Once people had become dependent on this new system and the addictive drugs it provided, the system switched to a paid program, creating lifelong customers for the Rockefellers. Currently, medical error is the third leading cause of death in the US. Rockefeller’s secret weapon to success was the strategy known as, “problem-reaction-solution.” Create a problem, escalate fear, then offer a pre-planned solution. Sound familiar?Flash forward to 2020. They named it COVID19. Our leaders of world health predicted millions would die. The National Guard was deployed. Makeshift hospitals were erected to care for a massive overflow of patients. Mass graves were dug. Terrifying news reports had people everywhere seeking shelter to avoid contact. The plan was unfolding with diabolical precision, but the masters of the Pandemic underestimated one thing... the people. Medical professionals and every-day citizens are sharing critical information online. The overlords of big tech have ordered all dissenting voices to be silenced and banned, but they are too late. The slumbering masses are awake and aware that something is not right. Quarantine has provided the missing element: time. Suddenly, our overworked citizenry has ample time to research and investigate for themselves. Once you see, you can’t unsee.The window of opportunity is open like never before. For the first time in human history, we have the world’s attention. Plandemic will expose the scientific and political elite who run the scam that is our global health system, while laying out a new plan; a plan that allows all of humanity to reconnect with healing forces of nature. 2020 is the code for perfect vision. It is also the year that will go down in history as the moment we finally opened our eyes.|0
People can fight stigma by providing social support in situations where you notice this is occurring. Stigma affects the emotional or mental health of stigmatized groups and the communities they live in. Stopping stigma is important to making communities and community members resilient. See resources on mental health and coping during COVID-19. Everyone can help stop stigma related to COVID-19 by knowing the facts and sharing them with others in your community.|1
People have been trying to warn us about 5G for YEARS. Petitions, organizations, studies...what we're going thru is the affects [sic] of radiation. 5G launched in CHINA. Nov 1, 2019. People dropped dead.|0
Results are in from the first organized trials of drugs to treat Covid-19, but so far, there’s no cure. As the new respiratory disease spread widely starting in January, doctors—first in China and then in the US, Italy, and France—all moved to test readily available drugs that are used for other purposes and are fairly safe. Now, just three months into the pandemic, the first medical results from organized trials—studies structured to measure whether a drug actually helps—are becoming public. We count three so far, all involving drugs with antiviral properties. Patients who end up in the ICU are begging for whatever treatment they can get, and demand for drugs will skyrocket in the US. Not only is the number of confirmed cases now over 35,000, but this week twice that many or more will likely feel the onset of typical symptoms like cough, fever, and shortness of breath.So far, there is no approved medicine for Covid-19, so the main treatment for severe cases isn’t drugs at all—it’s oxygen therapy, ventilators that help people breathe, and supportive care. Some patients get standard antibiotics. Overall, scores of drug studies are under way, checking the benefits of everything from vitamin C to Chinese traditional medicine. A list of trials compiled by CellTrials.org, a consultancy, found that doctors had registered over 250 Covid-19 studies, mostly in China, and were seeking to recruit 26,000 patients. It may be another month before some other large, important studies, like several involving the experimental antiviral remdesivir, made by the US company Gilead, are ready to report any findings. Here are the facts about the drug studies published so far. Chloroquine or hydroxychloroquineThe hype: President Donald Trump praised the malaria drug, saying it had shown “tremendous promise” against Covid-19. “I think it’s going to be very exciting,” he said. “I think it could be a game-changer, and maybe not.”The report: Hydroxychloroquine and azithromycin as a treatment of COVID-19: results of an openlabel non-randomized clinical trial. The data: During early March, French doctors at IHU-Méditerranée Infection in Marseille, France, treated Covid-19 patients with hydroxychloroquine, a version of the 90-year-old malaria drug chloroquine. They tried giving 200 milligrams of hydroxychloroquine three times per day, over 10 days, to 26 patients, and some got the antibiotic azithromycin, too. In their report, treated patients had less virus in their system after six days than other patients at a different center, who didn’t get the treatment. The study’s conclusions aren’t firm because so few patients were involved and the study was not rigorously designed, although chloroquine has also been tried in China with rumors of success. So does the drug work? Scientists say there’s not enough evidence to say. “Anecdotal reports may be true, but they are anecdotal,” Anthony Fauci, head of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, said during a briefing at the White House. “It was not done in a controlled clinical trial. So you really can’t make any definitive statement about it.” In the absence of other options, Governor Andrew Cuomo of New York said his state, now a global epicenter of Covid-19, had obtained 70,000 doses of hydroxychloroquine and 750,000 doses of chloroquine, as well as azithromycin (also called Zithromax). “The trial will start this Tuesday,” said Cuomo over the weekend. “There is a good basis to believe they could work. The president ordered the FDA to move and the FDA moved.” Chloroquine has risks, because it can affect heart rhythm. No one should take it without a prescription. Favipiravir. The hype: News reports last week claimed Chinese officials had touted this antiviral medicine made in Japan as “clearly effective.” The report: Favipiravir versus Arbidol for COVID-19: A Randomized Clinical Trial. The data: While favipiravir, an antiviral made by Toyama Chemical (part of Fuji Film), generated hopeful headlines, the report from doctors at China’s Wuhan University makes more modest claims. They organized a study of 240 “ordinary” patients (meaning they had pneumonia but were not the worst cases) around Hubei province. Half got favipiravir and half got umifenovir (or Arbidol), an antiviral used in Russia, and they were watched to see which group recovered faster. The doctors found that patients’ fevers and coughs went away faster on favipiravir, but similar numbers in each group ended up needing oxygen or a ventilator. On the basis of these findings, they concluded that favipiravir is the “preferred” of the two drugs.Favipiravir, which is known by the trade name Avigan in Japan, inhibits viruses from copying their genetic material. It was originally discovered while searching for drugs to treat influenza. Lopinavir and ritonavir. The hype: Doctors reached into the cabinet of advanced anti-HIV medications, hoping for a quick success.The report: A Trial of Lopinavir–Ritonavir in Adults Hospitalized with Severe Covid-19. The data: This is the largest, best-organized study of a treatment for Covid-19 so far, but it didn’t find a benefit. In January, doctors in China randomly assigned 199 patients with pneumonia either to get the HIV medicines lopinavir and ritonavir twice a day for two weeks, or to receive only standard care. Then they watched to see who improved or got discharged from the hospital. Unfortunately, no benefit was seen from the treatment. Nearly 20% of the patients died. The team wonders if the drug combo, sold in the US by AbbVie to treat HIV infection under the trade name Kaletra, could still prove beneficial for less sick patients. The key drug here is lopinavir, a protease inhibitor, which has been shown in lab and animal tests to have effects against Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus, or MERS. Ritonavir acts to increase the first drug’s availability in the body.|1
It is likely that eventually it will become endemic, and most of us will get infected. But one question is super important: How long will it take for that to happen? If it happens in a few months, every hospital will be overwhelmed and people will not be treated for coronavirus or other diseases. If it happens that fast, it will be an unprecedented disaster. However, if we do our best in terms of prevention by practicing social distancing, reducing travel, not going to work when we’re sick, we could slow spread of the disease. If the same 60-70% infection of the global population is spread over 3 years, then hospitals don’t get overwhelmed, people can get treated, and we have time to develop a vaccine—it’s a completely different story.The difference between it happening fast or slow is potentially the difference between a 1918 flu level event and a bad flu season level event. We have control over that.|1
With every tragedy that befalls mankind few political leaders can resist the temptation to enhance the powers of the security state while attacking civil liberties. The response to the coronavirus pandemic has proven to be no exception.Many people are asking, as the Covid lockdown keeps many businesses shuttered: will the economy ever be the same again? No small consideration considering the arbitrary nature of the lockdown, which seems to focus its wrath on small businesses while allowing the major corporations to survive. But there are other serious considerations, like how the media and politicians will hide behind political correctness and virtue signaling to conceal their ulterior motives.One story that nicely encapsulates that agenda is by the BBC, which carried the totally objective headline: ‘Coronavirus: Arrests over ‘disgusting’ racist Covid-19 stickers.’ It is a very simple story that speaks volumes about where we are heading as a civilization. Plot spoiler: to hell in a handbag.The brief article tells the story of two young men, identities unknown, who were arrested for applying stickers in public places. But not just any old stickers. These ones carried the phrases, ‘Open border, virus disorder,’ and ‘Pubs closed, borders open.’ The accused, however, said to be connected to a “far-right” group, were not charged with the relatively minor offense of defacing public property, but rather on “suspicion of racially aggravated public order offences,” whatever those may happen to be.The message is clear: any suggestion that open borders may not be the best idea, even at the peak of a global pandemic, is the wild ranting of a foaming-at-the-mouth xenophobe, as opposed to maybe just a germophobe, and should be immediately vilified and rejected out of hand. In other words, yet more identity politics, enshrined in Cultural Marxist ideology, sets the agenda.Indeed, the severe brevity of the article made it look more like a cheap communist propaganda poster than any work of journalism. The reader is treated to a quote from one Alex Gwynne, who seems to be resident, but that is never disclosed: “Using this pandemic to spread racism and hatred is unacceptable.” Thank you, Alex.Next up is Ben Miskell, a local councilor, who is quoted as saying: “These sorts of things are meant to just divide us … and capitalise on something awful that is happening in Britain for some really sinister aim.”Like perhaps containing the spread of a pandemic that has forced the lockdown of businesses and communities around the world? As to be expected, the article never once attempted to provide some insight into the deep fear and frustration that is gnawing away at so many people in Britain, and elsewhere, as families fear for an uncertain future. While the media obsesses over the coronavirus, the British are forced to watch as thousands of new arrivals enter their country each month. Yet not a peep from the media as to the logic behind such programs amid a pandemic. It is those sorts of deceitful liberal tactics, which discard real concerns over open borders as racist and chauvinistic that will help bring the lockdown pot to a boil.Meanwhile, with borders in the Western becoming practically a synonym for racism, the authorities have taken to the skies to make sure the local herd is complying with social-distancing measures. And reportedly with the assistance of China. All in the name of “protecting lives,” of course.Chinese company Da Jiang Innovations, the world’s largest drone manufacturer, has donated their aerial vehicles to law enforcement agencies in 22 U.S. states in their effort to regulate social distancing rules. Yet, in 2017, the Department of Homeland Security warned that DJI was “selectively targeting government and privately owned entities…to expand its ability to collect and exploit sensitive U.S. data.” This led to the Department of the Interior grounding its fleet of some 800 DJI drones over security fears. Yet when it comes to monitoring Americans, in both public and private settings, not even the sky is the limit.“If these drones save one life, it is clearly worth the activity and the information that the drones are sending,” Chris Bollwage, mayor of Elizabeth, N.J. told MSNBC.Perhaps the operators of those drones have a working relationship with New York Mayor Bill de Blasio, who revealed his true colors when he told New Yorkers to squeal on family and friends who break the social-distancing order.“Sending that photo in is going to help make sure that people are kept apart, and that’s going to stop the disease from spreading. And that’s going to save lives,” he said.As proof that humanity has not gone completely to the dogs, the special hotline to accept the photographs was flooded with derogatory pictures and Hitler memes, most of which are too indecent to show, here.Even political protests are no longer happening in a ‘civilized’ manner, at least in Israel, where a demonstration against Benjamin Netanyahu saw participants respecting the 2-meters-apart rule, which made the ‘protest’ resemble some sort of open-air modern art exhibit as opposed to a challenge to the powers-that-be. By necessity, a protest demands that the participants act as a single united force, a throng, if you will.Want to say a pray in a house of worship asking the Almighty to see you through this miserable storm, which appears to have only just begun? Well, that too will prove problematic since in many U.S. states worshipers are no longer permitted to congregate under a single roof, which is strange because liquor stores, gun shops and abortion clinics, not to mention all of the major grocery stores are doing a thriving business despite the inherent risks.What is happening is obvious. Leaders, either by design or otherwise, are taking advantage of the current emergency to ram through draconian measures in the name of “protecting the people.” In fact, nothing could be further from the truth. And with the Western world already softened up with years of political correctness, virtue signaling and the tyrannical nanny state, virile ‘toxic masculinity’ has gone missing in action when it is needed the most. The coronavirus is not the disease that is killing Western civilization; social-distancing and lockdown measures should have been enforced many decades ago when the Cultural Marxists from the Frankfurt School first set foot ashore. That was the moment Western society, set upon itself by a number of divisive and destructive movements, began to crumble to the point when the next flu season may very well consign it to the ash heap of history.|0
Covid-19 is not a virus, it is an exosome influenced by electromagnetic contamination|0
You are referring to angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors and angiotensin receptor blockers (ARBs), two types of medications used primarily to treat high blood pressure (hypertension) and heart disease. Doctors also prescribe these medicines for people who have protein in their urine, a common problem in people with diabetes.At this time, the American Heart Association (AHA), the American College of Cardiology (ACC), and the Heart Failure Society of America (HFSA) strongly recommend that people taking these medications should continue to do so, even if they become infected.Here's how this concern got started. Researchers doing animal studies on a different coronavirus (the SARS coronavirus from the early 2000s) found that certain sites on lung cells called ACE-2 receptors appeared to help the SARS virus enter the lungs and cause pneumonia. ACE inhibitor and ARB drugs raised ACE-2 receptor levels in the animals.Could this mean people taking these drugs are more susceptible to COVID-19 infection and are more likely to get pneumonia?The reality today:Human studies have not confirmed the findings in animal studies.Some studies suggest that ACE inhibitors and ARBs may reduce lung injury in people with other viral pneumonias. The same might be true of pneumonia caused by the COVID-19 virus.Stopping your ACE inhibitor or ARB could actually put you at greater risk of complications from the infection, since it's likely that your blood pressure will rise and heart problems would get worse.The bottom line: The AHA, ACC, and HFSA strongly recommend continuing to take ACE inhibitor or ARB medications, even if you get sick with COVID-19.|1
Hello family. Just got this from my contact at FEMA.Please take heed...Homeland security is preparing to mobilize the national guard.Preparing to dispatch them across the US along with military.they will also call in 1st responders.they are preparing to announce a nationwide2 week quarantine for all citizens,All businesses closed.Everyone at home.They will announce this as soon as they have troops in place to help prevent looters and rioters...they will announce before the end of the weekend,within 48 to 72 Hours the president will evoke what is called the “Stafford Act”The president will order a two week mandatory quarantine for the nation.Stock up on whatever you need to make sure you have a two week supply of everything.Please forward to your family/friends.|0
While animals are believed to be the original source, the virus spread is now from person to person (human-to-human transmission). There is not enough epidemiological information at this time to determine how easily this virus spreads between people, but it is currently estimated that, on average, one infected person will infect between two and three other people. The virus seems to be transmitted mainly via small respiratory droplets through sneezing, coughing, or when people interact with each other for some time in close proximity (usually less than one metre). These droplets can then be inhaled, or they can land on surfaces that others may come into contact with, who can then get infected when they touch their nose, mouth or eyes. The virus can survive on different surfaces from several hours (copper, cardboard) up to a few days (plastic and stainless steel). However, the amount of viable virus declines over time and may not always be present in sufficient numbers to cause infection.The incubation period for COVID-19 (i.e. the time between exposure to the virus and onset of symptoms) is currently estimated to be between one and 14 days. We know that the virus can be transmitted when people who are infected show symptoms such as coughing. There is also some evidence suggesting that transmission can occur from a person that is infected even two days before showing symptoms; however, uncertainties remain about the effect of transmission by asymptomatic persons. |1
Last week, a medical journal reported that a business traveler from China had infected at least one person in Germany with the spreading coronavirus even though she had no symptoms. It was decisive evidence that the virus could transmit undetected and a critical piece of information, one of the key factors U.S. officials weighed when formulating unprecedented quarantines and travel restrictions announced by health officials at the White House.Now, interviews with the woman have revealed a fundamental mistake in the report, which appeared in the New England Journal of Medicine. It turns out the woman did have symptoms while she was in Germany. They were “mild unspecific symptoms,” including back pain, for which she took a fever-reducing Tylenol-like drug, according to Marieke Degen, a spokeswoman for the Robert Koch Institute, a German research organization and governmental public health agency that was following up on the case.The revelation underscores how the urgency to make sweeping public health decisions about the spread of the coronavirus is clashing with the uncertainties surrounding a novel virus. The essential question public health experts are grappling with is how easily the virus spreads, particularly from people who have mild symptoms. Despite the error in the report from Germany, first reported by Science magazine, it’s still possible that people can spread it before they have symptoms. Public health measures that depend on isolating people who could transmit the virus could become difficult to implement if the virus spreads before people realize they have been infected.The new information could intensify an already challenging public health situation, experts said. The United States imposed wide-ranging quarantine and isolation measures that took effect Sunday, including barring non-U.S. citizens who recently visited from China from entering the United States. U.S. officials will also quarantine Americans who visited Hubei province, where the outbreak began, for 14 days.Hundreds of Americans were evacuated from Wuhan on a pair of U.S. charter flights that took off from the coronavirus hot zone Tuesday night, the State Department said. The passengers will arrive in the United States Wednesday and will be quarantined for 14 days on four military bases, U.S. officials said.“We can’t isolate everyone who has a headache and took a Tylenol,” said Marc Lipsitch, an epidemiologist at the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health. If there is spread of disease when someone is not yet showing signs of illness, “it becomes a considerably bigger public health challenge,” he said. “The isolation of ill cases would not be effective if there’s transmission to a considerable degree before people are really sick.”leaped on the error to inform the public on their website that the evidence the virus could spread without symptoms was not based on science. The World Health Organization issued a report saying it is “aware of possible transmission” before symptoms but noted that study is ongoing of the “few instances” in which it may have occurred.Nine countries outside China have confirmed 27 instances of human-to-human transmission of the infection, WHO officials said Tuesday during an executive board meeting at their headquarters in Geneva, a worrisome sign for containment of the disease.In China, cases continue to soar. Chinese officials on Tuesday reported a total of 20,438 confirmed cases of infection — an increase of 3,235 from Monday, the biggest daily jump since the National Health Commission began releasing statistics. Almost 3,000 of the infected are in critical condition.WHO officials also presented additional information about symptoms of the disease, saying that 2 to 3 percent of patients also have gastrointestinal problems. The most common symptoms are fever and cough, officials have said.The WHO declared the outbreak a global health emergency on Thursday and warned countries against imposing travel and trade restrictions on China. WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus reiterated that call Tuesday, noting that 22 countries have reported such restrictions. The United States is one of them.“Such restrictions can have the effect of increasing fear and stigma, with little public health benefit,” he said. In countries that have imposed them, he called for them to be short, proportionate to the public health risks, and reassessed regularly.He chided “some high-income countries” with confirmed cases that are “well behind” in sharing complete data about their cases. “I don’t think it’s because they lack capacity,” he said. Without better data, it’s difficult for the WHO to assess how the outbreak is evolving or what impact it could have.Hong Kong became the second place outside mainland China to report a fatality, after China reported 425 deaths, bringing the overall toll to 427. A 39-year-old man who died had a preexisting condition and had traveled to Wuhan last month. He was hospitalized Friday.More infections were announced outside China, including six more in both Thailand and Singapore, suggesting that the virus is gaining steam internationally.In the United States, the top official at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention overseeing the coronavirus response has cited the NEJM report about asymptomatic transmission as one of several “worrisome data points” about a serious public health situation.“We are aware of the correction to the NEJM article on asymptomatic transmission, and the fact that this patient did have mild symptoms is consistent with what we know of other cases,” CDC spokeswoman Kristen Nordlund said Tuesday.She said the “enhanced response posture” of the federal government is based on “a dramatic increase in the number of cases reported, supporting efficient person-to-person spread, the geographic expansion of the outbreak, and continued reports of severe illness including those resulting in death.”Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, who has often been the official called on by the past six presidents to explain outbreaks to the American public, said he still believes it is possible for the virus to spread from someone who is not showing symptoms. Fauci initially said the report had served as an important confirmation of rumors and anecdotes that had been filtering in from China, and he mentioned it at a White House briefing on Friday.“One of the problems with when the virus is transmitted in an asymptomatic way and has its implications — it puts a terrible burden on the screening process. How do you screen somebody?” Fauci said last week, when referencing the NEJM report. “You know, remember back with Ebola? Ebola doesn’t get transmitted unless you’re actively very ill, and you know that. It’s very, very clear.”Upon learning of the journal error, Fauci said he called a top public health official and scientist in Beijing who told him that the disease could spread without symptoms.“I think it’s a double-edged sword. I think it’s important to get information out quickly when you’re dealing with an emerging and evolving public health issue, but there is a danger in that, and we have just seen now a classic example of this danger,” Fauci said Tuesday. But he said his conversation made him confident that while the report was incorrect, the phenomenon it described is real.Patients often recall their symptoms differently when multiple people ask them, said Trish Perl, chief of infectious diseases and geographic medicine at UT Southwestern Medical Center, who has fought other respiratory virus outbreaks, including severe acute respiratory syndrome, or SARS, which also emerged in China and infected about 8,000 people and killed nearly 800 between 2002 and 2003.“Stuff you might not consider a symptom, like a little bit of a runny nose, is something people kind of ignore,” she said.The information about the German case was published Thursday as a letter in the NEJM, which — like other scientific and medical journals — has promised to make emerging scientific information available rapidly. That speed has been praised because sharing information is essential in a public health emergency, but also opens the door for more errors.Julia Morin, a spokeswoman, said that the NEJM “is looking into the matter” but that the journal has not posted a correction or update. Degen, at the Robert Koch Institute in Berlin, said its researchers had submitted its findings, and “it is still open when (and in which journal) this will be scientifically published.” The main author of the letter did not immediately respond to questions about the report.The report could still have value, experts said, because it shows that a person with mild symptoms can transmit the illness initially.Lipsitch added that public policy should be flexible in the face of an emerging threat, to take into account information that may change or evolve. The travel restrictions announced by the White House late last week stated that policy should be reevaluated at least every 15 days.Lauren Ancel Meyers, a mathematical epidemiologist at the University of Texas at Austin, said she is gearing up to simulate scenarios in which the disease spreads in the United States to help with preparation and planning for countermeasures. But much depends on information that is still murky: how soon people can begin to spread the virus after contracting it, how readily it spreads and other factors.“There is so much uncertainty, and the information is changing every day about what is going on with the virus,” Meyers said.|1
Believe it or not, a coronavirus strain is a patented by the The Pirbright Institute, which is partially funded by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. Another strain, which was isolated from humans, is owned by the CDC. The patent page for coronavirus explains that it “may be used as a vaccine for treating and/or preventing a disease, such as infectious bronchitis, in a subject,” suggesting that this is just another weaponized viral strain designed to sell more useless, deadly vaccines, while at the same time killing off a few thousand, or perhaps a few million, people. A close look at the patent page also shows that the Pirbright Institute owns all sorts of other virus patents, including one for African swine fever virus, which is listed as a “vaccine.” t is thus no surprise that Bill Gates is a Pirbright Institute financial backer, seeing as how he’s one of the most aggressive, vaccine-pushing “philanthropists” on the planet. And here is another patent for Coronavirus, isolated from humans — Patent US7220852B1 – CORONAVIRUS a.k.a. SARS. The patent was granted to the CDC and the “inventors” are all American:You can download the above patent HERE. The way this whole coronavirus situation is taking shape would seem to be exactly what Gates once proposed as a “solution” to the alleged problem of “overpopulation.” At an infamous TED Talk, Gates explained that vaccines are one of the keys to reducing global population levels, and what better way to do that than to unleash patented coronavirus on the masses in order to later introduce a patented vaccine for it? Bill And Melinda Gates Hosted “Event 201” Back In October, Described As A “High-Level Pandemic Exercise”. What’s further interesting is that the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation co-hosted a “high-level pandemic exercise” back in October that involved discussions about how “public / private partnerships will be necessary during the response to a severe pandemic in order to diminish large-scale economic and societal consequences.” Held in partnership with the Johns Hopkins Center for Health Security and the World Economic Forum, this latest endeavor by Bill Gates is highly suspicious, to say the least, especially when considering that it was held just in time for the coronavirus outbreak. As is usually the case with suspicious disease outbreaks that get the media and academia talking about new vaccines and public-private partnerships, Bill Gates’ fingerprints are almost always hiding in the background. And this is exactly the case with coronaviruses, which could accomplish many of Gates’ expectations for the future, including mass depopulation, mass vaccination and mass consolidation of government power. “These events are increasing, and they are disruptive to health, economies, and society,” reads an announcement about “Event 201,” as they called it, or the meeting with Gates and his cronies from back in October. Managing these events already strains global capacity, even absent a pandemic threat. Experts agree that it is only a matter of time before one of these pandemics becomes global – a pandemic with potentially catastrophic consequences. A severe pandemic, which becomes ‘Event 201,’ would require reliable cooperation among several industries, national governments, and key international institutions.” This reads like a predictive script for what we’re now seeing with coronavirus, as governments around the world scramble to “manage” this deadly outbreak with martial law, vaccine fast-tracking, quarantines and plenty of fear-mongering. “If we do a really great job on vaccines, health care, reproductive health services, we could lower [the global population] by perhaps about 10 to 15 percent,” Gates is infamously quoted as saying about the true intent of his “humanitarian” efforts.|0
The C.D.C. director says new data about people who are infected but symptom-free could lead the agency to recommend broadened use of masks.As many as 25 percent of people infected with the new coronavirus may not show symptoms, the director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention warns — a startlingly high number that complicates efforts to predict the pandemic’s course and strategies to mitigate its spread.In particular, the high level of symptom-free cases is leading the C.D.C. to consider broadening its guidelines on who should wear masks.“This helps explain how rapidly this virus continues to spread across the country,” the director, Dr. Robert Redfield, told a National Public Radio affiliate in Atlanta in an interview broadcast on Monday.The agency has repeatedly said that ordinary citizens do not need to wear masks unless they are feeling sick. But with the new data on people who may be infected without ever feeling sick, or who are transmitting the virus for a couple of days before feeling ill, Mr. Redfield said that such guidance was “being critically re-reviewed.”Researchers do not know precisely how many people are infected without feeling ill, or if some of them are simply presymptomatic. But since the new coronavirus surfaced in December, they have spotted unsettling anecdotes of apparently healthy people who were unwitting spreaders.“Patient Z,” for example, a 26-year-old man in Guangdong, China, was a close contact of a Wuhan traveler infected with the coronavirus in February. But he felt no signs of anything amiss, not on Day 7 after the contact, nor on Day 10 or 11.Already by Day 7, though, the virus had bloomed in his nose and throat, just as copiously as in those who did become ill. Patient Z might have felt fine, but he was infected just the same.Researchers now say that people like Patient Z are not merely anecdotes. For example, as many as 18 percent of people infected with the virus on the Diamond Princess cruise ship never developed symptoms, according to one analysis. A team in Hong Kong suggests that from 20 to 40 percent of transmissions in China occurred before symptoms appeared.The high level of covert spread may help explain why the novel coronavirus set off a pandemic in a way that the SARS and MERS viruses did not.The new virus spreads about as easily as flu, “and when’s the last time anyone thought anything about stopping influenza transmission, short of the vaccine?” said Dr. Michael T. Osterholm, an infectious disease expert at the University of Minnesota.With any vaccine still in early development, the best way to mitigate the pandemic is social distancing, he and other experts said. Because people may be passing the virus on to others even when they feel fine, asking only unwell people to stay home is unlikely to be enough. This is why many experts, going against recommendations by the C.D.C. and the World Health Organization, are now urging everyone to wear masks — to prevent those who are unaware they have the virus from spreading it.Like influenza, some experts now say, this virus appears to spread both through large droplets and droplets smaller than five micrometers — termed aerosols — containing the virus that infected people might release especially while coughing, but also while merely exhaling. They emphasized that the level of virus in both types of particles is low, so simply jogging or walking by an infected person does not put people at risk.“If you have a passing contact with an infectious person, you would have a very, very low chance of transmission occurring,” said Dr. Benjamin Cowling, an epidemiologist at the University of Hong Kong.The risk goes up with sustained contact — during face-to-face conversation, for example, or by sharing the same air space for a prolonged time. In addition to its confusing stance on masks, “the W.H.O. has been saying aerosol transmission doesn’t occur, which is also perplexing,” Dr. Cowling said, adding, “I think both are actually wrong.”Experts agreed that infections were being passed along by people who do not report symptoms — what they call asymptomatic transmissions — but they also noted some confusion around the term.“There’s no standard definition for it, and you could say to yourself, Well, that’s kind of ridiculous: You either have symptoms or you don’t,” said Dr. Jeffrey Shaman, an infectious diseases expert at Columbia University. But studies by his team have shown, he said, that some people never notice their symptoms, others are unable to distinguish the infection from their smoker’s cough or allergies or other conditions, and still others may feel every pain acutely.There is also a largely semantic debate about what proportion of people who appear to be perfectly fine but then become ill — as in the report in The New England Journal of Medicine of an apparently asymptomatic spreader who later acknowledged having felt mild symptoms.Ultimately, Dr. Shaman said, these definitions are unimportant.“The bottom line is that there are people out there shedding the virus who don’t know that they’re infected,” he said.Where the definitions may matter is in being able to understand the true scope of the pandemic.Dr. Cowling’s team has analyzed data from China at various stages in the pandemic. The W.H.O.’s mission to China concluded that most people who were infected with the virus had significant symptoms. But in the early weeks of the epidemic, his analysis shows, China set a high bar for what constituted a confirmed case of infection — requiring respiratory symptoms, fever and a chest X-ray for pneumonia.Their definition left out mild and asymptomatic cases and, as a result, the team vastly underestimated the scale and nature of the outbreak there.“We’ve estimated in China that between 20 percent and 40 percent of transmission events occurred before symptoms appeared,” Dr. Cowling said.A separate analysis of the hundreds of people cloistered aboard the Diamond Princess cruise ship bears out this scale. Once the ship docked in Japan on Feb. 5, researchers tested all of the passengers and reviewed those who tested positive for the virus on multiple occasions over a two-week period. They found that 18 percent of the infected passengers remained symptom-free throughout.“The substantial asymptomatic proportion for Covid-19 is quite alarming,” said Dr. Gerardo Chowell, an epidemiologist at Georgia State University who worked on the analysis.Dr. Chowell noted that the passengers on the ship tended to be older and therefore more likely to develop symptoms. He estimated that about 40 percent in the general population might be able to be infected without showing signs of it.There have also been many hints, subtle and not, that the virus can be transmitted via aerosols. Sixty members of a choir in Mount Vernon, Wash., north of Seattle, gathered on March 10 for a practice session for over two and a half hours. None of them felt ill, and they made no contact with one another. But by this weekend, dozens of the members had fallen ill, and two had died.Their experience points toward airborne transmission via aerosols, which can travel farther than the large droplets the W.H.O. and the C.D.C. have emphasized. The virus is still most likely to be expelled with a cough or a sneeze, as far as eight meters (about 26 feet), according to one study. But studies on influenza and other respiratory viruses, including other coronaviruses, have shown that people can release aerosols containing the virus simply by breathing or talking — or, presumably, by singing.“I think increasing evidence suggests the virus is spread not just through droplets but through aerosols,” Dr. Chowell said. “It would make a lot of sense to encourage at the very least face mask use in enclosed spaces including supermarkets.”Several studies have shown now that people infected with the new coronavirus are most contagious about one to three days before they begin to show symptoms. This presymptomatic transmission was not true of the coronaviruses that caused SARS and MERS.“This is where we got very lucky with SARS, was that it really didn’t transmit until after people were showing symptoms, and that made it much easier to detect it and shut it down with aggressive public health measures,” said Dr. Carl Bergstrom, an expert in emerging infectious diseases at the University of Washington in Seattle.With the new coronavirus, there is transmission by healthy-seeming people, and often severe symptoms and a high fatality rate. “That whole combination makes it very, very tough to fight using standard public health measures,” he said.A separate analysis from the C.D.C. on Tuesday offered new evidence that a significant portion of people with severe coronavirus infections in the United States have underlying medical conditions. The agency looked at 7,162 cases, a small subset of the 122,000 cases in the U.S., but the findings provided a stark portrait. Of 457 people in that subset who were admitted to intensive care units, 32 percent suffered from diabetes; 29 percent had heart disease; and 21 percent had lung disease. Overall, 78 percent of people with Covid-19 admitted to the I.C.U. had at least one pre-existing condition. The study did not look at deaths.Rapid tests for infection might help detect people, especially health care workers, who are infected yet feel normal. Masks may help. But experts kept returning to social distancing as the single best tool for stopping the chain of transmission in the long term — not lockdowns, necessarily, but canceling mass events, working from home when possible and closing schools.“We can’t assume that any of us are not potential vectors at any time,” Dr. Bergstrom said. “This is why even though I’m feeling great, and have felt great and haven’t been exposed to anybody with any symptoms of anything, that’s why it would be irresponsible of me to go out and about today.”|1
A new report from researchers at the Center for Infectious Disease Research and Policy lays out three scenarios for how the coronavirus pandemic will progress in the coming months.Using the 1918 Spanish flu pandemic as a model, experts suggested the COVID-19 outbreak will last between 18 and 24 months.The pandemic "likely won't be halted until 60% to 70% of the population is immune", the report authors said.The worst of the three scenarios they outline involves a second, larger wave of coronavirus infections this fall and winter.The coronavirus pandemic may last until 2022, according to a report published Thursday.A group of researchers at the Center for Infectious Disease Research and Policy (CIDRAP) suggest that the COVID-19 outbreak won't end until 60% to 70% of the human population is immune to the virus, which may take between 18 and 24 months.The experts laid out three scenarios for how the coronavirus pandemic will progress. The worst-case scenario among these three projections involves a second, larger wave of infections this fall and winter. The report authors suggest this is the most likely outcome, and states need to prepare for it."This thing's not going to stop until it infects 60 to 70% of people," Michael Osterholm, report author and the director of CIDRAP, told CNN. "The idea that this is going to be done soon defies microbiology.There is no crystal ball. Osterholm and his colleagues examined multiple models that predict future coronavirus impacts, research about how well COVID-19 spreads between people, and data from past pandemics to reach their conclusions.The coronavirus outbreak shares important similarities to a pandemic influenza, like the 1918 Spanish flu (which infected 500 million people worldwide), which makes this type of flu a solid model for comparison.Both a pandemic influenza and the COVID-19 virus spread via droplets we emit when coughing or sneezing and can pass between infected people showing no symptoms — known as asymptomatic carriers. But even though pandemic influenza may be a good model to try and predict how the COVID-19 will outbreak will play out, experts still aren't sure what to expect.That's because the coronavirus spreads even more easily than the flu does; an average person with the coronavirus infects between 2 and 2.5 new people: a metric known as the virus' R0 value. Seasonal influenza's Ro value is about 1.3."There is no crystal ball to tell us what the future holds and what the 'end game' for controlling this pandemic will be," the report authors wrote.That's why Osterholm's group came up with three possible scenarios about what might be coming after this first wave of coronavirus infections ends.Scenario 1: The summer months and beyond brings a series of repetitive, smaller waves. In this projection, the first COVID-19 waves is followed by a series of repetitive, smaller waves that occur through the summer. Those waves, which come with a lower number of infections with persist over a one- to two-year period, gradually diminishing sometime in 2021.The authors noted that where those smaller waves occur could depend on what measures certain geographic areas have in place to "flatten the curve," including social distancing and non-essential business closures, and how those measures are rolled back.Scenario 2: A second, larger wave of infections hits this fall and winter. The worst of the three scenarios, and the most likely, is one in which the first wave is followed by a larger wave in the fall or winter of 2020, and one or more smaller subsequent waves in 2021.This mirrors what happened during the 1918 Spanish influenza pandemic and the 2009 H1N1 flu.A second wave with more infections would require the US and other countries to reinstitute mitigation measures, like lockdowns, the authors wrote."States, territories, and tribal health authorities should plan for the worst-case scenario," they added.Scenario 3: The world experiences a 'slow burn' of ongoing transmission. The final scenario suggests that this first wave of coronavirus infections is the only wave. In the coming months, the COVID-19 pandemic would shift into a "slow burn" of ongoing transmission and new cases."While this third pattern was not seen with past influenza pandemics, it remains a possibility for COVID-19," the experts reported.This possibility would mean US states likely wouldn't need to lockdown again, although cases and deaths would continue to occur.Each of these projections could be influenced by the development of a vaccine.But any help a vaccine could provide during the pandemic will be a long time coming, the report authors said. The earliest a vaccine is expected is 2021."And we don't know what kinds of challenges could arise during vaccine development that could delay the timeline," they added.|1
Based on information about this novel coronavirus thus far, it seems unlikely that COVID-19 can be transmitted through food – additional investigation is needed.|1
Wuhan, the capital of Hubei province in China, was chosen to be China’s first 5G “smart city” and the location of China’s first smart 5G highway.  Wuhan is also the center of the horrendous coronavirus epidemic.  The possible linkage between these two events was first discussed in an Oct. 31, 2019 article entitled:  “Wuhan was the province where 5G was rolled out, now the center of deadly virus”  https://5g-emf.com/wuhan-was-the-province-where-5g-was-rolled-out-now-the-center-of-deadly-virus/The question that is being raised here is not whether 5G is responsible for the virus, but rather whether 5G radiation, acting via VGCC activation may be exacerbating the viral replication or the spread or lethality of the disease.  Let’s backtrack and look at the recent history of 5G in Wuhan in order to get some perspective on those questions.  An Asia Times article, dated Feb. 12, 2019 (https://www.asiatimes.com/2019/02/article/china-to-launch-first-5g-smart-highway) stated that there were 31 different 5G base stations (that is antennae) in Wuhan at the end of 2018. There were plans developed later such that approximately 10,000 5G antennae would be in place at the end of 2019, with most of those being on 5G LED smart street lamps.  The first such smart street lamp was put in place on May 14, 2019 (www.china.org.cn/china/2019-05/14/content_74783676.htm), but large numbers only started being put in place in October, 2019, such that there was a furious pace of such placement in the last 2 ½ months of 2019.  These findings show that the rapid pace of the coronavirus epidemic developed at least roughly as the number of 5G antennae became extraordinarily high.  So we have this finding that China’s 1st 5G smart city and smart highway is the epicenter of this epidemic and this finding that the epidemic only became rapidly more severe as the numbers of 5G antennae skyrocketed.Are these findings coincidental or does 5G have some causal role in exacerbating the coronavirus epidemic?  In order to answer that question, we need to determine whether the downstream effects of VGCC activation exacerbate the viral replication, the effects of viral infection, especially those that have roles in the spread of the virus and also the mechanism by which this coronavirus causes death.Accordingly, the replication of the viral RNA is stimulated by oxidative stress:ther aspects of viral replication including those involved in the spread of the virus are stimulated by increased intracellular calcium [Ca2+]i, oxidative stress, NF-kappaB elevation, inflammation and apoptosis, each of which are increased following EMF exposure.  The first citation below shows an important role of VGCC activation in stimulating coronavirus infection.The predominant cause of death from this coronavirus is pneumonia.  Pneumonia is greatly exacerbated by each of those five downstream effects of VGCC activation, excessive intracellular calcium, oxidative stress, NF-kappaB elevation, inflammation and apoptosis. The first of the citations listed below shows that calcium channel blockers, the same type of drugs that block EMF effects, are useful in the treatment of pneumonia.  This predicts that EMFs, acting via VGCC activation, will produce increasingly severe pneumonia and therefore 5G radiation as well as other types of EMFs may well increase pneumonia deaths.These all argue that 5G radiation is likely to greatly exacerbate the spread of the coronavirus and to greatly increase the lethality of the infections produced by it.  The good news is that it is likely that those of us that live in areas with no 5G radiation and who avoid other EMFs wherever possible will probably escape much of the impacts of this prospective global pandemic.  It is highly probable that one of the best things Wuhan can do to control the epidemic in the city is to turn off the 4G/5G system.|0
The 25th anniversary of Schengen seems more like its funeral. This is a painful farewell to the dream of a united Europe without borders. The utopia did not last long. Now every man is for himself. And everyone is angry at each other. Mutual assistance, common values and human rights, freedom of speech and freedom of movement have faded away in the EU. What is Europe without the Schengen?|0
The National Institutes of Health has given millions of dollars to scientists studying coronaviruses. That funding didn't cause the COVID-19 pandemic.Right-wing media and conspiracy theorists have seized on a series of grants awarded over the course of six years to study coronaviruses to undermine Dr. Anthony Fauci, the immunologist who’s been at the helm of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases since 1984. The narrative moved to the spotlight at the White House when, during a press conference on April 17, a reporter with Newsmax asked President Donald Trump about the grants, totaling $3.7 million since 2014.The Daily Mail, a British tabloid known for publishing unreliable stories, first reported the $3.7 million figure on April 11. The paper wrote a story on the funding, parts of which went to the Wuhan Institute of Virology in China. Although the article stated that there’s no evidence the novel coronavirus leaked from the lab, it implied a correlation between the grants and the pandemic: "The revelation that the Wuhan Institute was experimenting on bats from the area already known to be the source of COVID-19 — and doing so with American money — has sparked further fears that the lab, and not the market, is the original outbreak source."Those questions have had real effects. Politico reported on April 27 that the National Institutes of Health would be revoking grants given to New York–based nonprofit organization EcoHealth Alliance in 2019, including funds for 2020 that the nonprofit now has to return.But in reality, the grants appear to have nothing to do with the coronavirus pandemic. In fact, they were awarded after a different kind of coronavirus — SARS — spread across the world in 2003. The NIH also didn’t give the funds directly to the Wuhan Institute, instead awarding them to EcoHealth Alliance, which invests in health research globally. The money helped support research that led to 20 research papers on coronaviruses published over the six years, according to the NIH. It’s not clear whether Fauci was personally involved in the grants in any way.Aside from the Wuhan Institute, those funds also went to research facilities in Shanghai, Beijing, and Singapore. The grants were meant to “support research that aims to understand what factors allow coronaviruses, including close relatives to SARS, to evolve and jump into the human population and cause disease (called a spillover event),” an NIH spokesperson told BuzzFeed News.“Most emerging human viruses come from wildlife, and these represent a significant threat to public health and biosecurity in the US and globally, as demonstrated by the SARS epidemic of 2002–03, and the current COVID-19 pandemic,” the spokesperson said. “The project includes studying viral diversity in animal (bats) reservoirs, surveying people that live in high-risk communities for evidence of bat-coronavirus infection, and conducting laboratory experiments to analyze and predict which newly discovered viruses pose the greatest threat to human health.”The grant also wasn’t the first awarded to EcoHealth Alliance. The NIH has been funding infectious disease research projects through the nonprofit since 2005.But the Daily Mail failed to note that context, as did the Newsmax reporter, who on April 17 asked Trump: "There was also another report [saying] that the NIH under the Obama administration in 2015 gave that lab $3.7 million in a grant. Why would the US give a grant like that to China?”Newsmax reporter Emerald Robinson did not return a request for comment.For Joan Donovan, the director of the Technology and Social Change Project at Harvard's Shorenstein Center, the attacks and conspiracies are part of a larger narrative undermining Fauci and his work. “If you don’t trust the scientist, you don’t trust the science,” Donovan said.And the right-wing media and conspiratorial YouTube channels have used the grants to stoke that distrust.On April 26, Trump attorney Rudy Giuliani called for an investigation of the grant on a New York morning radio show. Falsely and without evidence, the former mayor of New York implied the virus was created as a biological weapon, blaming Fauci and the administration of President Barack Obama.“China for the last 10 to 12 years has been carrying on these experiments, including in this Wuhan laboratory, with animals, and actually making this virus more dangerous,” Giuliani said on the show. “You could say that’s for scientific purposes, or you could say that’s for the purpose of weaponizing them.”“'Paid for the Damn Virus That’s Killing Us': Giuliani Rips Fauci Over Grants to Wuhan Laboratory,” said a Washington Examiner headline on April 26, gathering over 150,000 Facebook likes, shares, and comments.“Anthony Fauci Should Explain '$3.7 Million to the Wuhan Laboratory'” read a headline in the Washington Times on April 27, which received over 165,000 Facebook likes, shares, and comments.Rep. Matt Gaetz and Newsweek may have also perpetuated the falsely shaded narrative, but the most popular piece of content about the grants came from the Next News Network, a YouTube channel known for circulating baseless claims, including a fabricated story about President Bill Clinton sexually assaulting a teenager. Hosted by commentator and conspiracy theorist Gary Franchi, the channel has over a million subscribers and surpassed a billion views in December, according to Forbes.On April 19, the Next News Network posted a video about the grants, which has received over 2.3 million views. In it, osteopath Rashid Buttar drew a direct line between the grant, Fauci, and the pandemic. According to YouTube, the video did not violate the social media company's policies.“Is Fauci directly responsible for this pandemic?” Franchi asked Buttar in the clip.“I’m going to say this: I’ve seen some petitions going around." Buttar responded. “I think he’s a criminal. He’s going against the law. He’s going against the government.”Franchi told BuzzFeed News he was asking Buttar "to clarify his belief that Dr. Fauci’s work with coronaviruses has led to the pandemic.”He added: “The video as a whole revolves around President Trump responding to a reporter that he is investigating the widely reported 3.7 million dollars sent to the Wuhan Lab in 2015 by the NIH to continue coronavirus research after a moratorium was placed on such research in the United States and Dr. Fauci’s involvement with the funding of that research.”In addition to spreading conspiracy theories about the pandemic, Buttar has a history of action taken against him by medical authorities. In 2010, the North Carolina medical board reprimanded him for, among other complaints, three cancer patients who sought treatment from him and paid for treatment that had “no known value for the treatment of cancer.”“Buttar has spent years selling skin drops at $150 a bottle as a treatment for diseases ranging from autism to cancer,” WCNC reported at the time.In 2013, the FDA sent Buttar a warning letter for promoting and distributing unapproved medical products on his websites and Buttar did not respond to a request for comment on his statements about Dr. Fauci."The medical board and FDA have a responsibility to make sure doctors don't push too close to the edge," he said in an emailed statement to BuzzFeed News. "The regulatory bodies serve an important function and are needed to safeguard the public."|1
As coronavirus has ripped across the globe, a new conspiracy theory has found an eager audience: that the symptoms of the virus - high fever, coughing and shortness of breath - are actually the human body responding to exposure to 5G.Anti-5G critics based in the UK accept the virus likely began in a market in Wuhan and travelled here through human transmission. But they bizarrely believe the 5G networks helps the spread of the virus.But they're concerned the ultra-fast network currently operating in almost 100 locations around Britain could be helping it to spread more quickly, despite a lack of scientific proof to stand up their unfounded claims.Activist Louise Thomas, based in Somerset, told Daily Star Online: "We can't say 5G has caused the coronavirus, but it might be exacerbating it."Tanja Rebel, another activist and philosophy lecturer at the Isle of Wight College, told us: "Many studies show that Electro-Magnetic Radiation (EMR) suppresses the immune system and that it helps viruses and bacteria thrive."So EMR and in particular 5G could act as an accelerator for the disease. We do not know for sure, but common sense and the precautionary principle decree that we urgently need a moratorium on the roll-out of 5G until we can show that it is safe."Very little is known about Covid-19, the novel coronavirus at the heart of the current pandemic, but research has shown that viruses "talk to each other" when making decisions about infecting a host.Activists are now calling for the government to put a stop to the 5G rollout in what they believe to be the interests of public health, despite repeated assurances from experts that the network radiation poses no threat."Especially in today's situation it is paramount that we do not play further with lives," Rebel said. "Anything else would be deeply reckless."|0
First call your doctor or pediatrician for advice.If you do not have a doctor and you are concerned that you or your child may have COVID-19, contact your local board of health. They can direct you to the best place for evaluation and treatment in your area.It's best to not seek medical care in an emergency department unless you have symptoms of severe illness. Severe symptoms include high or very low body temperature, shortness of breath, confusion, or feeling you might pass out. Call the emergency department ahead of time to let the staff know that you are coming, so they can be prepared for your arrival.|1
Instagram and Facebook have made a concentrated effort to rid their platforms of false information, but some conspiracy theories have proven hard to stop.A video pushing the unfounded conspiracy that Bill Gates is responsible for creating the coronavirus has gone viral on Instagram, propelled by some black celebrities including comedians Cedric the Entertainer and D.L. Hughley, and professional fighter Derrick Lewis.This video has been viewed more than 2.2 million times, according to data from CrowdTangle, a social media analysis tool owned by Facebook, which also owns Instagram. The current iteration of the video originated from the account @thefallbackup, a self-described “influential mystic” with 69,500 followers. The video was reposted by 20 verified Instagram users, and more than 50 other users.“Bill Gates either predicted or planned the coronavirus outbreak,” the text on the video reads, before playing a clip from a 2015 TED Talk in which Gates explains that a highly infectious virus could be more deadly than war.Cedric the Entertainer posted the video to his Instagram account and wrote, “So they knew!!!”. The video has been viewed 367,000 times since he posted it Thursday. “Watch out for Big Pharma,” he added.“Hmmmmm....” Hughley wrote next to his post along with an emoji of a face with a monocle.“Ok this is scary. Looks like someone or some corporations knew this would happen. Coincidence?? I’ll let you guys decide,” wrote Gary Owen, a comedian who once hosted the BET comedy show Comic View.An Instagram spokesperson said the videos had been sent to its fact-checking partners for review. Like other social media platforms, Instagram was initially flooded by coronavirus posts that pushed conspiracies and false cures. In recent weeks, it has made a concentrated effort to rid its platform of false information. The World Health Organization has called misinformation surrounding the virus an “infordemic.”Gates has been the target of dozens of swirling conspiracies since news of the outbreak broke in January. The billionaire and philanthropist has been the subject of at least seven different conspiracies debunked by international fact-checkers, according to First Draft, an organization that tracks online misinformation. The most popular conspiracies have claimed that Gates engineered the virus as a form of population control, while others suggested that he is somehow profiting from a vaccine which has yet to be developed.The black community has been specifically targeted by misinformation surrounding the coronavirus, said Shireen Mitchell, a researcher who studies online disinformation and is the founder of the group Stop Online Violence Against Women. Across social media, viral misinformation has spread that black people are immune from the coronavirus because of melanin in their skin (they are not).Some in the black community may also be specifically susceptible to conspiracies surrounding the coronavirus because of the country’s history of nonconsensual medical experimentation on black people, Mitchell noted.“That’s how disinformation works,” Mitchell said, citing black maternal mortality rates and the 40-year Tuskegee study, in which public health officials in Alabama refused to disclose or treat hundreds of black men with syphilis. “It takes a kernel of truth and layers of disinformation on top. So it seems like you're hearing the truth, when what you're doing is manipulating facts and then people don't know what facts are anymore.|1
In this explosive interview, Spiro Skouras is joined by Dr. Sherri Tenpenny. The two discuss the latest developments regarding the coronavirus situation which was declared a global health pandemic by the Gates-funded World Health Organization, as more information comes to light questioning the need for a global lockdown.Dr. Tenpenny and Spiro examine and explore the motives of the global response by governments, global institutions and private interests, as Dr. Tenpenny exposes perhaps the most alarming aspect of the crisis yet!No, it is not the virus, it is the blank check issued to the vaccine and drug manufacturers, which not only provides unlimited funding, but also provides blanket immunity to Big Pharma for any harm attributed with the treatments produced during the declared emergency, including all drugs and vaccines.This blanket immunity is provided by the US government under the PREP Act and provides the drug and vaccine manufacturers the ‘Ultimate Blank Check’ during a declared emergency. As Dr. Tenpenny points out, the vaccine and drug manufacturers have zero incentive to produce a safe product, as the declared emergency not only rolls back regulatory standards and removes them from any and all liability, but it also ensures the government will purchase their products.This is an unprecedented level of immunity which raises many questions and safety concerns.|0
If you have a fever, cough or other symptoms, you might have COVID-19. Most people have mild illness and are able to recover at home. If you think you may have been exposed to COVID-19, contact your healthcare provider immediately.Keep track of your symptoms.If you have an emergency warning sign (including trouble breathing), get medical attention right away.Steps to help prevent the spread of COVID-19 if you are sick. Follow the steps below:  If you are sick with COVID-19 or think you might have COVID-19, follow the steps below to care for yourself and to help protect other people in your home and community.house user icon.Stay home except to get medical care. Stay home. Most people with COVID-19 have mild illness and can recover at home without medical care. Do not leave your home, except to get medical care. Do not visit public areas.Take care of yourself. Get rest and stay hydrated. Take over-the-counter medicines, such as acetaminophen, to help you feel better.Stay in touch with your doctor. Call before you get medical care. Be sure to get care if you have trouble breathing, or have any other emergency warning signs, or if you think it is an emergency.Avoid public transportation, ride-sharing, or taxis.Separate yourself from other people As much as possible, stay in a specific room and away from other people and pets in your home. If possible, you should use a separate bathroom. If you need to be around other people or animals in or outside of the home, wear a cloth face covering.Additional guidance is available for those living in close quarters and shared housing.See COVID-19 and Animals if you have questions about pets.temperature high icon.Monitor your symptoms.Symptoms of COVID-19 include fever, cough, and shortness of breath but other symptoms may be present as well. Trouble breathing is a more serious symptom that means you should get medical attention.Follow care instructions from your healthcare provider and local health department. Your local health authorities may give instructions on checking your symptoms and reporting information.When to Seek Emergency Medical Attention.Look for emergency warning signs for COVID-19. If someone is showing any of these signs, seek emergency medical care immediately.Trouble breathing.Persistent pain or pressure in the chest.New confusion.Inability to wake or stay awake.Bluish lips or face. This list is not all possible symptoms. Please call your medical provider for any other symptoms that are severe or concerning to you.Call 911 or call ahead to your local emergency facility: Notify the operator that you are seeking care for someone who has or may have COVID-19.mobile icon.Call ahead before visiting your doctor.Call ahead. Many medical visits for routine care are being postponed or done by phone or telemedicine.If you have a medical appointment that cannot be postponed, call your doctor’s office, and tell them you have or may have COVID-19. This will help the office protect themselves and other patients.head side mask icon.If you are sick wear a cloth covering over your nose and mouth.You should wear a cloth face covering, over your nose and mouth if you must be around other people or animals, including pets (even at home).You don’t need to wear the cloth face covering if you are alone. If you can’t put on a cloth face covering (because of trouble breathing, for example), cover your coughs and sneezes in some other way. Try to stay at least 6 feet away from other people. This will help protect the people around you.Cloth face coverings should not be placed on young children under age 2 years, anyone who has trouble breathing, or anyone who is not able to remove the covering without help.Note: During the COVID-19 pandemic, medical grade facemasks are reserved for healthcare workers and some first responders. You may need to make a cloth face covering using a scarf or bandana.box tissue icon.Cover your coughs and sneezes.Cover your mouth and nose with a tissue when you cough or sneeze.Throw away used tissues in a lined trash can.Immediately wash your hands with soap and water for at least 20 seconds. If soap and water are not available, clean your hands with an alcohol-based hand sanitizer that contains at least 60% alcohol.hands wash icon.Clean your hands often.Wash your hands often with soap and water for at least 20 seconds. This is especially important after blowing your nose, coughing, or sneezing; going to the bathroom; and before eating or preparing food.Use hand sanitizer if soap and water are not available. Use an alcohol-based hand sanitizer with at least 60% alcohol, covering all surfaces of your hands and rubbing them together until they feel dry.Soap and water are the best option, especially if hands are visibly dirty.Avoid touching your eyes, nose, and mouth with unwashed hands.Handwashing Tips. no icon.Avoid sharing personal household items.Do not share dishes, drinking glasses, cups, eating utensils, towels, or bedding with other people in your home.Wash these items thoroughly after using them with soap and water or put in the dishwasher.cleaning icon.Clean all “high-touch” surfaces everyday.Clean and disinfect high-touch surfaces in your “sick room” and bathroom; wear disposable gloves. Let someone else clean and disinfect surfaces in common areas, but you should clean your bedroom and bathroom, if possible.If a caregiver or other person needs to clean and disinfect a sick person’s bedroom or bathroom, they should do so on an as-needed basis. The caregiver/other person should wear a mask and disposable gloves prior to cleaning. They should wait as long as possible after the person who is sick has used the bathroom before coming in to clean and use the bathroom. High-touch surfaces include phones, remote controls, counters, tabletops, doorknobs, bathroom fixtures, toilets, keyboards, tablets, and bedside tables.Clean and disinfect areas that may have blood, stool, or body fluids on them. Use household cleaners and disinfectants. Clean the area or item with soap and water or another detergent if it is dirty. Then, use a household disinfectant.Be sure to follow the instructions on the label to ensure safe and effective use of the product. Many products recommend keeping the surface wet for several minutes to ensure germs are killed. Many also recommend precautions such as wearing gloves and making sure you have good ventilation during use of the product. Most EPA-registered household disinfectants should be effective. A full list of disinfectants can be found hereexternal icon.Complete Disinfection Guidance. house leave icon. How to discontinue home isolation.People with COVID-19 who have stayed home (home isolated) can leave home under the following conditions: If you have not had a test to determine if you are still contagious, you can leave home after these three things have happened:You have had no fever for at least 72 hours (that is three full days of no fever without the use of medicine that reduces fevers) AND other symptoms have improved (for example, when your cough or shortness of breath have improved) AND at least 10 days have passed since your symptoms first appeared If you have had a test to determine if you are still contagious, you can leave home after these three things have happened:You no longer have a fever (without the use of medicine that reduces fevers) AND other symptoms have improved (for example, when your cough or shortness of breath have improved) AND you received two negative tests in a row, at least 24 hours apart. Your doctor will follow CDC guidelines. People who DID NOT have COVID-19 symptoms, but tested positive and have stayed home (home isolated) can leave home under the following conditions:If you have not had a test to determine if you are still contagious, you can leave home after these two things have happened: At least 10 days have passed since the date of your first positive test AND you continue to have no symptoms (no cough or shortness of breath) since the test.If you have had a test to determine if you are still contagious, you can leave home after:You received two negative tests in a row, at least 24 hours apart. Your doctor will follow CDC guidelines.Note: if you develop symptoms, follow guidance above for people with COVID19 symptoms.In all cases, follow the guidance of your doctor and local health department. The decision to stop home isolation should be made in consultation with your healthcare provider and state and local health departments. Some people, for example those with conditions that weaken their immune system, might continue to shed virus even after they recover.|1
High doses of vitamin C can cure patients with the COVID-19 virus and prevent the spread of the disease. “Vitamin C is already being used to prevent and treat COVID-19 in China and in Korea. And it is working,|0
A specialized test must be done to confirm that a person has been infected with the virus that causes COVID-19. Most often a clinician takes a swab of your nose (or both your nose and throat). New methods of testing that can be done on site will become more available over the next few weeks. These new tests can provide results in as little as 15–45 minutes. Meanwhile, most tests will still be delivered to labs that have been approved to perform the test.Some people are starting to have a blood test to look for antibodies to the COVID-19 virus. Because the blood test for antibodies doesn't become positive until after an infected person improves, it is not useful as a diagnostic test at this time. Scientists are using this blood antibody test to identify potential plasma donors. The antibodies can be purified from the plasma and may help some very sick people get better.|1
We are moving towards a totalitarian state of the world. This is part of Agenda ID2020 – and these steps to be implemented now – prepared since long, including by the coronavirus computer simulation at Johns Hopkins in Baltimore on 18 October 2019, sponsored by the WEF and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.What is the infamous ID2020? It is an alliance of public-private partners, including UN agencies and civil society. It’s an electronic ID program that uses generalized vaccination as a platform for digital identity. The program harnesses existing birth registration and vaccination operations to provide newborns with a portable and persistent biometrically-linked digital identity. GAVI, the Global Alliance for Vaccines and Immunization, identifies itself on its website as a global health partnership of public and private sector organizations dedicated to “immunization for all”. GAVI is supported by WHO, and needless to say, its main partners and sponsors are the pharma-industry.|0
The disease caused by a new virus that emerged late last year in China and has since sickened tens of thousands of people now has an official name: COVID-19.At a press briefing on Tuesday, the World Health Organization said it had decided on the name after consulting with the Food and Agriculture Organization and the World Organization for Animal Health.“We had to find a name that did not refer to a geographical location, an animal, an individual, or group of people,” said WHO director-general Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus. WHO also wanted a name that was “pronounceable and related to the disease,” he said.|1
While we don't know the answer yet, most people would likely develop at least short-term immunity to the specific coronavirus that causes COVID-19. However, that immunity could diminish over time and you would still be susceptible to a different coronavirus infection. Or, this particular virus could mutate, just like the influenza virus does each year. Often these mutations change the virus enough to make you susceptible, because your immune system thinks it is an infection that it has never seen before.|1
It’s hard to know yet. But there are many things we can do to flatten the next wave of the contagion.Will there be another wave of Covid-19? And if so, how big will it be, and will there be more waves after it?The answer to those questions depend on seasonality, the susceptibility of the population to the disease, the rate at which the coronavirus mutates and how we come out of lockdown.Colds and influenza are seasonal because those viruses generally survive outside the body for a shorter time in high heat and high humidity than in cold weather and low humidity. People also spend more time indoors in winter, coming into close contact with others with less ventilation, so respiratory infections are far more common in winter, although of course they can sicken people in summer, too.But in 1918 and 1919, the years of the world’s deadliest pandemic, the seasons seemed to have little impact on the influenza.That pandemic had a mild first wave which began in February 1918. It struck relatively few places in the United States or around the world, followed by a lethal second wave which began in Switzerland in late July and spread rapidly around the world from September to December 1918, hitting the Northern and Southern Hemispheres simultaneously. (Australia was hit late; its rigid quarantine of arriving ships delayed the pandemic’s arrival until January 1919, the middle of its summer.) Then a third wave began in February 1919, marking two distinct pandemic waves in the same influenza season, a highly unusual occurrence.Susceptibility clearly was a more important factor than the seasons, because it turned out that the entire world — young and old people on every continent — was susceptible to the disease.Mutation was also an important factor. It probably accounts for the timing of the third wave in 1919: It seems likely that by then, the virus had changed enough that any immunity to the initial virus didn’t protect well against its mutated form. This hypothesis is supported by the fact that exposure to the first wave provided up to 89 percent protection against second wave illness (the best vaccine in the last 15 years provided 62 percent protection), but neither first nor second wave exposure protected against that third wave.What does all this mean now?Nothing is certain and little is known about Covid-19, but a few things are likely.First, modelers estimate that the true number of infected persons is up to 20 times the reported number, which still leaves about 95 percent of the population susceptible. If, as in 1918, susceptibility proves more important than seasonal influences, hot weather will not give as much relief as hoped for. By the same token, that would mean the expected seasonal surge when colder weather arrives might not be as large as feared.Second, Covid-19 mutates much more slowly than influenza, and its key spike protein — the part of the virus that attaches to cells — seems particularly stable. Amid all of the bad news that this virus has brought, this characteristic of the virus is a silver lining in several ways.Since the virus does not mutate nearly as fast as influenza, this reduces almost to zero the chance that it will become more virulent, as happened in 1918. Moreover, because the spike protein is a key part of the virus likely to be recognized by the immune system, then mutation will probably not account for a new wave soon. For the same reason, the consensus view of virologists seems to be that those who recover from the illness probably develop immunity lasting a year and possibly longer, and that a vaccine will most likely protect reasonably well against Covid-19.Third, the incubation period, on average nearly six days, is roughly triple the average incubation period of influenza, and the disease itself takes much longer for people to recover from and stop shedding virus. Therefore even without social distancing it would take months for the outbreak to pass through a community, as opposed to six to 10 weeks for influenza. With social distancing — necessary to reduce deaths by keeping hospitals from being overwhelmed — it will take even longer. Additionally, the incubation period allows an asymptomatic person more opportunity to spread disease.But these factors will give the country more time to expand testing and contact tracing, and to isolate and quarantine contacts. All of those are impossible with fast-spreading influenza.How then do we restart the economy? We cannot simply wait for herd immunity to develop from natural infection. That would take many months and be accompanied by an unacceptable death toll. Nor can we wait a year or more for a vaccine.Instead, a consensus has formed among public health experts to continue current measures until the epidemic curve bends significantly downward and the stress on health care is alleviated, followed by a phased-in approach guarded by, in effect, a public health army. That army would be fighting a guerrilla war, armed with tests, tracing, isolation and quarantine to search and destroy inevitable flare-ups.This approach has worked around the world. It will work here. Covid-19 would continue to spread, but the cases would be in manageable numbers. We would see not so much distinct waves as continuous, undulating swells, broken by occasional angry whitecaps.But if we do not manage our public health response well — for instance, allowing a widespread lifting of restrictions too quickly — we could generate a storm surge that washes away everything gained so far by so much sacrifice. That seems to be what too many politicians seem willing to risk.Those politicians should consider this: In 1918, San Antonio was one of the slowest cities to close, yet one of the quickest to reopen. As a consequence, more than half of the city’s population got sick, and almost every household had at least one person ill. And Covid-19 is more contagious than influenza.It’s past time we start doing things the right way. We still lack the testing capacity and anything approaching the necessary public health army. It’s past time we start building both.|1
Never before have we had such a high level lock down, a Draconian, medieval quarantine across the whole planet. Millions out of work. Hunger and malnutrition likely to take as many lives as any virus could. But what was this all about if not to reset the patterns of life, quash gatherings of people, stop all demonstrations. In fact, leave the road and public spaces free to adapt and “develop,” introduce new digital currencies and bankrupt countries, whilst introducing new ID systems and more vaccines. Lets just focus on the whether there is a link between 5G deployment across the world and the spread and concentrations of cases numbers of the coronavirus?There is an undeniably eery comparison between these two current global phenomena’s.These two things are always reported as being separate, but the results are interesting whether you are a believer in the mainstream message of the virus, or whether you are a sceptic of it and think there is more to than this is broadcast on state television.Please see this section for more info on the coronavirus and how to protect yourself and your family from any virus. So lets look at a map of global 5G Deployment. Speedtest.net is a website that will show you how fast the internet is in your area.It also has a handy 5G map that shows the relentless pace of the deployment of 5G across the world.The map shows the location of 5G networks across the entire planet. Right now (23rd April) there are 7,281 commercially available areas of 5G networks worldwide. With 193 ready for Pre-Release and still being tested. Check your area on the website: https://www.speedtest.net/ookla-5g-map. You can zoom in close enough, for example, to show there are 5x5G Networks in City Hall Park, near the Civic Centre in New York, USA:Just how big these areas are and how many towers are within these areas is unclear from the map. It could be many different 5G towers connected together, as a network involves many interconnected transmission points. Please see more below on the dangers of 5G and please also see this article for more information on 5G. 5G compared to the Coronavirus map. Now let’s take a look at the map that shows the cases of coronavirus across the world. For example https://coronavirus-map.com/ What you will find is that the 2 patterns are amazingly close. North America. Starting with the USA, where possibly the highest numbers of the coronavirus cases (869,172) have been reported. Now look at the 2 maps of North America, together of both 5G Deployment and reported cases of the coronavirus.The hotspots and circles are almost identical across the two maps.With 5G concentration happening on both the East and the West Coast, you can see that the epicentres of activity for both 5G deployment and cases of Coronavirus are very similar. With huge concentrations on the East side of the USA, New York now has a staggering 1,500 5G Networks in operation and 30,000 cases in one small area of New York alone. On the West coast, California has 548 5G networks and these areas are also having the highest level of reported coronavirus cases. These have also been the areas with highest level of state control and the tighter marshalling of people. So in amongst such harsh measures as shutting businesses and public gatherings, so is coincidentally a great time to build out 5G networks that will be more powerful than any we have seen before.Will we notice any of this change, or will we be too nervous of each other to look up around us as we emerge back into city life? Mexico. Moving South, compare the cases of Coronavirus in the USA to Mexico and they have a tiny proportion of cases in comparison. Mexico has a vast population at nearly one hundred and twenty four million people, whilst there has been far more freedom of movement in Mexico and far less state control.But guess what? it has zero 5G networks…. There are suspected towers being erected in Baja California, but cases of the coronavirus in Mexico are only 11,633. That’s a tiny proportion of what is happening in New York for example.Whereas Ecuador has 5G in Guayaquil and 10,309 reported cases of the Coronavirus. Europe. Much like the USA, Europe has a high density of reported cases of the Coronavirus. But when you compare it to the fact it is also a major hotspot of 1200 5G networks across the continent you can start to see the same pattern emerge.According to the twitter feed of Speedtest.net @Ookla5GMap Italy was one of the first countries to get 5G and of course this corresponds with the same timeline of Coronavirus cases. There are a staggering two hundred and twenty six 5G networks now in the UK. Yet they also have over 130,000 reported cases of the coronavirus.I wonder what these 2 maps will look like in one month’s time, or after the Coronavirus lock down has come to an end, will it be hotter and more concentrated for both? Africa is barely touched by Covid. Why is this? Africa has a vast population of nearly one and half billion people (1,334,037,959 at time of writing and according to worldometers.info), but have hardly any reported cases of CoVID-19.Whilst of course most African countries are unable to invest in huge infrastructures such as 5G right now, it is South Africa that is leading the race, as the highest country in the continent for both the coronavirus (with nearly 4000 casesand having five 5G networks already installed. Asia. Where did all of this begin, but of course in China as has been reported by most media channels. Have a look at this map and compare the hotspots across both maps for Asia.It’s very close to being an an identical pattern again, but of course we must allow for population movement and the validity of the number of cases.We also know that many of the earliest 5G areas where in northern China. In Wuhan where all of this was supposed to have started, there are 3 networks using 5G in operation already.You can follow the latest Twitter updates on 5G Deployment here: And get updates as they install more and more 5G everywhere.Facial recognition and social distancing. These new 5G towers will control cars and fridges, mobile phones and many many things. But will they will also be able to control human traffic, via installed microchips in our hands that will tell someone how much is in your bank account. The key to open your front door. It’s all too Orwellian to comprehend as our movements will be tracked non stop. Social distancing makes sense if you need to keep everybody spaced apart by increasing amounts (because viruses can jump that far?!), to give better data readings and allow for better facial recognition. Tracked and attacked from the skies. According to the Sun newspapers website: “ELON Musk has successfully launched a rocket containing 60 satellites into space.But according to WorldHealth.net in 2018:This development is troubling for those concerned about constant exposure to radio frequency radiation in close proximity to .. the prospect of beaming millimeter length microwaves back down to Earth from thousands of new communication satellites as SpaceX was given approval by the FCC on 3/29/2018 to launch 4,425 satellites into low orbit around Earth.The total number expected to be put into low and high orbit will be 20,000 with the biggest being: Spacex at 12,000; OneWeb at 4,560; Boeing 2,956; Spire Global at 972.” It’s mind boggling to consider how this will affect future cancer rates.Dangers of 5G. This from Radiation Health Risks: “First of all 5G cellular technology is dangerous because it emits Radio Frequency (RF) Radiation. And it does so at ultra high frequencies and with ultra high intensity, compared to earlier technologies.The World Health Organization classified RF Radiation as a possible “carcinogenic” in 2011. And there are literally hundreds of peer reviewed scientific studies linking “non-ionizing” RF Radiation to things like cancer, crib death, DNA damage (especially in infants and fetuses) and male infertility. Also because of the limits of the frequencies used, in order for users to have good reception it is estimated they will need to put a mini cell station every 2 to 8 houses. This will multiply significantly the amount of RF Radiation we will be exposed to.In order to carry this enormous and unbelievable increase in data they have to use dramatically higher frequency radiation.The 1G through 4G technologies used less than 6 GHz frequencies. 5G plans on at least using 24 GHz to 90 GHz, and possibly up to 300 GHz frequency RF Radiation.In these frequencies the wave lengths are millimeters long and highly dense. What this means to you and me is if it starts raining, or if you walk behind a tree, you would lose your cell signal. To over come this technology companies are planning to increase the number of cell towers dramatically as well as implement a more sophisticated directional beaming technology. 5G needs this in order to pass your signal from cell tower to cell tower and even bounce it off of obstacles to reach you. It is estimated that they will need mini cell towers every 2 to 8 houses in order to maintain good signal connections.” On the other hand, according to CBS News, the side effects of radiation sickness are severe and similar in description to the coronavirus:Severe Fatigue: Radiation sickness can cause people to feel weak and out of sorts – almost like having a bad version of the flu. Mouth ulcers. Infections – Along with red cells, radiation sickness can reduce the risk of infection-fighting white cells in the body. As a result, the risk of bacterial, viral, and fungal infections is heightened.It can dramatically reduce the number of red blood cells, causing anemia and and increased risk of fainting.Unchecked it can also lead to:Nausea and vomiting are typically the earliest symptoms of radiation sickness. The higher the dose of radiation, the sooner these symptoms appear – and the worse the prognosis. Someone who starts to vomit within one hour of exposure is likely to die.Sometimes people with radiation sickness feel bad at first and then start to feel better. But often new, more serious symptoms appear within hours, days, or even a few weeks of this “latent” stage.Spontaneous bleeding from the nose, mouth, gums, and rectum. It can cause people to bruise easily and to bleed internally as well – and even to vomit blood.Major irritation of the intestinal lining, resulting in severe and sometimes bloody diarrhea. Sloughing of skin Areas of skin exposed to radiation may turn blister and turn red – almost like a severe sunburn. In some cases open sores form. The skin may even slough off Hair loss Radiation damages hair follicles. As a result, people who get a big dose of radiation often lose their hair within two to three weeks. Sometimes the loss of hair is permanent. Will we discover new changes to our old environments as we emerge from the shadows of our homes?Safe zones. The job will be to look for safe zones on the map if you want to avoid areas of high. Radiation and Maps like this may become one of the resources in the battle to be informed.We continue to constantly search for any further information on this subject, so please contact our Facebook Group The Naked Doctor if you have any further information on this subject.Conclusion The purpose of this article is by no means meant to scare anyone. These facts are alarming, but we feel that knowledge is power and that you have a right to know what is happening on your doorstep and in our world.We love this world and see the need for its preservation.Please stay aware and stay happy.|0
The Coronavirus will come and go. But the government will never forget how easy it was to take control of your life. To control every sporting event, classroom, restaurant table, and church pew. And even if you are allowed to leave your house. |0
Topical comments on the state of the Chinese economy, the consequences of coronavirus and not only in the Silk Road News program on Sputnik Belarus radio.Who represents China at the economic forum in Davos, how much Chinese tourists have brought money to Russia, and how Trump is going to fight Russian and Chinese “anchor children” - in the radio studio Sputnik Belarus, we are talking with expert from the Beijing Academy of Social Sciences Dmitry Belyakov.“In general, it’s worth understanding the origin of this virus. I don’t believe in the randomness of the origin of the coronavirus,” the expert says. The Chinese guest in Davos this year was the former head of the city committee of Shanghai, the current deputy prime minister Han Zheng. According to Sputnik's interlocutor, this suggests that the advocates of globalization - representatives of the "Shanghai" clan - are trying to regain slightly lost positions that were previously seriously shaken by Xi Jinping and the "new Komsomolets" Liu He."Today it is difficult to say that any of the Chinese clans is gaining special weight. There is a constant game, an invisible struggle for influence, it is constant and characteristic of powerful powers such as China," Belyakov argues. According to the expert, all internal political processes are connected with the upcoming American elections , the result of which, as practice shows, seriously affects all world political processes.“Trump’s position, which will have to overcome the impeachment attempt, has largely influenced the fate of representatives of large Chinese business, whose wives went to give birth to the United States, where their children were granted American citizenship by birth. Hence the term“ anchor children. ”Subsequently, these new citizens The United States could safely ensure the arrival of its closest relatives in the country. So Trump wants to end this practice, "predicts Belyakov.The program "Silk Road News" with the participation of an expert from the Beijing Academy of Social Sciences Dmitry Belyakov, see Sputnik Belarus.|0
14 people who were confirmed cases of COVID-19 (in Europe), took MMS and have recovered their health. All of these tested positive and when re-tested after taking MMS, they came out negative for COVID-19. Those of us who have used chlorine dioxide (MMS) over the years certainly expected it to also work with this virus, but we wanted to be sure and now with this data we are confident that the proper mixture of chlorine dioxide (MMS) has every hope of eradicating COVID-19.If you have COVID-19: --Take Protocol 6 and 6 to start. This is one 6-drop dose of MMS, then one hour later take another 6-drop dose of MMS. --After two 6-drop doses of MMS, go on hourly doses of 3 activated drops in 4 ounces of water hourly . . . --For children, follow the same instructions as above and cut the amounts in half. Here is the testimony of a man who was experiencing very serious symptoms of Coronavirus: The man is 85 years old and was confirmed to have coronavirus. He was quarantined at home, all of his relatives at home were also infected, but the elderly man was in very serious condition and on oxygen—by far he was the most worst off. He was given a 1 liter bottle of water which had 20 activated drops of MMS added to it. He was instructed to take a sip from the bottle every five minutes, but not to let it go past 10 minutes. So every 5 to 10 minutes the man took a sip (not a big gulp, just a sip) from the bottle—that’s all, but he did this faithfully, every 5 to 10 minutes throughout the day until the bottle was finished, just a sip each time. After three days he was noticeably improved and off of the oxygen, so his dose was reduced to 12 activated drops in the 1 liter bottle of water and he drank from it, just sipping it, every half hour. He is recovering quickly—90% improved, has just a slight remnant of cough occasionally. The rest of the family who also took MMS are now fully recovered.|0
About 56 million people in several Chinese cities have been placed on quarantine due to the sudden outbreak of a deadly SARS-like virus called 2019-nCoV. The illness is said to have originated in a seafood market in Wuhan and quickly spread to other areas of China, then Japan, Thailand, South Korea, and the United States. Suspected cases have been reported in Australia and Scotland. However, it is possible that there is more to the story as Chinese authorities have been running a censorship campaign to prevent the spread of information about the virus that deviates from official statements.One very strange coincidence in the development of this outbreak is the fact that a new biolab, tasked with studying the most dangerous pathogens on earth, recently began operating in Wuhan, where the illness is said to have originated.Back in 2017, just before experiments at the lab began, the prestigious science journal Nature published an article expressing concerns about pathogens escaping from the new Wuhan lab. The laboratory is a biosafety level-4 (BSL-4) facility, which is the highest level of biocontainment. BSL-4 facilities must meet rigid standards for decontaminating the area as well as workers after every experiment. However, BSL-4 labs remain extremely controversial because critics argue that these measures may not be enough to prevent a virus from escaping. According to Richard Ebright, a molecular biologist at Rutgers University in Piscataway, New Jersey, the SARS virus has escaped from high-level containment facilities in Beijing multiple times.In May of 2019, less than a year before the outbreak began, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) issued a press release that gave an overview of the projects that the new lab was currently working on. The projects included SARS, Ebola, Hemorrhagic fever, Lassa fever, avian influenza A(H5N1), Rift Valley fever, and others. Scientists have examined the genetic code of the new virus and have found that it is more closely related to SARS than any other human coronavirus. In BSL-4 labs, researchers can tweak or combine deadly viruses to create mutated strains of the original illness. A 2013 report in Nature indicated that scientists in China were creating hybrid viruses in labs.“A team of scientists in China has created hybrid viruses by mixing genes from H5N1 and the H1N1 strain behind the 2009 swine flu pandemic, and showed that some of the hybrids can spread through the air between guinea pigs,” the article revealed.The results of the hybrid virus experiment were published in the journal Science.Such experiments are usually intended to teach scientists more about certain illnesses so they can be treated and prevented better, but other research has involved intentionally making certain viruses even more deadly than they already were. Regardless of the motivation, exposing people to these pathogens, even in the most secure of settings, can be risky especially considering the fact that contagions have escaped from secure labs in the past.|0
Although scientists and stock markets have celebrated the approval for emergency use of remdesivir to treat COVID-19, a cure for the disease that has killed over 304,000 people remains a long way off — and might never arrive.Hundreds of drugs are being studied around the world, but “I don’t see a lot of home runs right now,” said Dr. Carlos del Rio, a professor of infectious diseases at the Emory University Rollins School of Public Health. “I see a lot of strikeouts.”Researchers have launched more than 1,250 studies of COVID-19. Pharmaceutical companies are investing billions to develop effective drugs and vaccines to help end the pandemic.Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, was cautious when announcing the results of a clinical trial of remdesivir last week, noting it isn’t a “knockout.” Although remdesivir helped hospitalized COVID-19 patients recover more quickly, it hasn’t been proved to save lives.“This [drug] is opening the door,” Fauci said. “As more companies and investors get involved, it’s going to get better and better.”Researchers have already announced that they will combine remdesivir with an anti-inflammatory drug, baricitinib — now used to treat rheumatoid arthritis — in the hope of improving results.But COVID-19 is an elusive enemy.Doctors treating COVID patients say they’re fighting a war on multiple fronts, battling a virus that batters organs throughout the body, causes killer blood clots and prompts an immune system overreaction called a “cytokine storm.”With so many parts of the body under siege at once, scientists say, improving survival rates will require multiple routes of attack — and more than one drug. While some of the experimental medications target the virus, others aim to prevent the immune system from inflicting collateral damage.“There are so many pieces of this, and they will all require different therapies,” said Dr. Lewis Kaplan, president of the Society of Critical Care Medicine, whose doctors provide intensive care.High-tech approaches include using stem cells, virus-specific T cells and synthetic antibodies to neutralize the coronavirus.Scientists are also taking a fresh look at existing medications that might be repurposed to fight COVID-19. These include antivirals for influenza, arthritis drugs, estrogen patches and even antacids. If repurposed drugs are successful, they could reach patients relatively quickly, because doctors are already familiar with their side effects and safety concerns.Some doctors are skeptical that drugs for heartburn or hot flashes have any chance of treating a killer like COVID-19.Dr. Steven Nissen, chair of cardiovascular medicine at the Cleveland Clinic, said he fears that hype over unproven products will harm patients, even if it temporarily boosts company stock prices. Patients who demand antacids or antimalarial drugs being studied in COVID-19 could be harmed by side effects, for example. Those who hoard drugs — on the hope of protecting themselves from COVID-19 — could deprive other patients of medications they need to stay healthy. Some people may refuse to participate in clinical trials because they fear being given a placebo.“This rush to get every imaginable treatment into a study, it’s not prudent,” Nissen said. “It’s not good medicine. It’s an act of desperation.”Other experts say scientists should cast a wide net.“I don’t think we want to rule anything out because it sounds out of the ordinary,” said Dr. Walid Gellad, director of the Center for Pharmaceutical Policy and Prescribing at the University of Pittsburgh.Antivirals In The Spotlight. Antivirals such as remdesivir aim to prevent viruses from replicating, said Dr. Peter Hotez, a professor at Baylor College of Medicine in Houston.That doesn’t always work. A small Chinese study of remdesivir, published last month in The Lancet, found no benefit to severely ill COVID-19 patients. Remdesivir had previously failed when tested against Ebola.Antivirals tend to be most helpful in the early stages of infection, when most of the harm to the patient is caused by the virus itself, rather than the immune system, Hotez said.Remdesivir is just one of many antivirals being tested against COVID-19.International researchers are studying the antiviral favipiravir, developed to fight the flu.The antimalarial drugs chloroquine and hydroxychloroquine — which have been heavily touted by President Donald Trump — also have antiviral effects. Although the Food and Drug Administration approved forms of those drugs for emergency use against COVID-19, the agency later warned that they could cause dangerous heart rhythm problems.A study in the New England Journal of Medicine likewise found no benefit in giving two antivirals used to treat HIV ―a combination of lopinavir and ritonavir, sold as Kaletra— in adults hospitalized with severe COVID-19.Harnessing The Immune System.One of the therapies generating excitement is also one of the oldest: antibody-rich blood from COVID survivors.The immune system produces antibodies in response to invaders such as viruses and bacteria, allowing the body to recognize and neutralize them. Antibodies also recognize and neutralize the virus the next time that person is exposed.Doctors hope that patients who develop antibodies against the novel coronavirus will become immune, at least for a few years, although this hasn’t been proved.Scientists developing this “convalescent plasma” are studying whether COVID-19 survivors can share this immunity with others by donating their plasma, the liquid part of blood that contains antibodies, said Dr. Shmuel Shoham, an associate professor of medicine at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine.In addition to treating people who are already sick, donated plasma could potentially prevent people exposed to the virus — such as health care workers — from developing symptoms.Donated antibodies ― and any immunity they might provide — don’t last forever, said Dr. William Schaffner, a professor at the Vanderbilt University Medical Center. The body destroys aging antibodies as part of its routine maintenance, he said. In general, half of donated antibodies are eliminated in about three weeks.The use of convalescent plasma goes back more than a century. It was used during the 1918 flu pandemic and was shown to improve survival during the 2009-10 H1N1 pandemic.Doctors don’t know yet whether convalescent plasma will benefit people with COVID-19.In general, convalescent plasma is expected to be more effective in preventing illness than in treating it. It may be less likely to help someone in intensive care, Shoham said.Researchers are also studying the use of prepackaged plasma, called intravenous immunoglobulin, in COVID patients. This product, known as IVIG, is taken from healthy donors in the general population and has long been used to help patients with weakened immune systems fight off infections. Hospitals keep it in stock and some are already using it to treat COVID patients.Although the antibodies in prepackaged IVIG don’t specifically target the coronavirus, researchers hope they will tamp down the immune response.In a third form of immune therapy, researchers are trying to identify the specific antibodies that are most important for neutralizing the coronavirus, then reproduce them as drugs called monoclonal antibodies. Monoclonal antibodies are already used to treat a variety of conditions, from cancer to rheumatoid arthritis and migraines.“When we give people an antibody, they are immediately at least partially immune to that specific virus,” said Dr. James Crowe, director of the Vanderbilt Vaccine Center, who hopes to have antibodies ready for a clinical trial in a few months. “We’re moving the immune system from one person to another.”Ideally, doctors would develop a very potent monoclonal antibody or a cocktail of antibodies for COVID-19 patients, to ensure the best chance of success, Crowe said. But manufacturing these drugs can be complicated, expensive and time-consuming.“Making two antibodies would be at least twice as complicated as making one,” Crowe said. “A cocktail might be preferred, but cocktails are harder to move quickly.”Calming The Immune System.In most cases of COVID-19, the immune system neutralizes the coronavirus and patients recover without going to the hospital.For reasons that doctors don’t totally understand, the immune system of some COVID-19 patients becomes hyperactive, attacking not just the virus but the patient’s own cells. A “cytokine storm,” in which the immune system floods the body with inflammatory chemicals, can do more damage than the virus itself.In an effort to calm the immune system, researchers are testing immune-suppressing drugs, including monoclonal antibodies already used to treat autoimmune diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis, said Dr. Amesh Adalja, a senior scholar at the Johns Hopkins Center for Health Security.Health care giant Roche is conducting large clinical trials of its drug, Actemra, in the hope of preventing cytokine storms, which can cause organ failure and a life-threatening condition called sepsis. Actemra is designed to lower levels of an inflammatory chemical, interleukin-6, which has been found to be elevated in some COVID-19 patients.Scientists are also studying similar drugs, anakinra and siltuximab.Another immune suppressant from Regeneron and Sanofi, called Kevzara, has had disappointing results in clinical trials. The manufacturers plan to continue studying the drug to see if it can help certain types of patients.Dr. Anar Yukhayev, a New York OB-GYN who was hospitalized with COVID-19 on March 16, agreed to join a clinical trial of Kevzara.“I was having so much trouble breathing that I was desperate for anything to help,” said Yukhayev, 31, who was treated at Long Island Jewish Medical Center.About 36 hours after receiving an infusion, as Yukhayev was being treated in intensive care, his symptoms began to improve. He was able to avoid being put on a ventilator. Doctors didn’t tell him if he received Kevzara or a placebo, but his liver enzymes also began to rise, suggesting the organ was under stress. Elevated liver enzymes are a known side effect of Kevzara.Yukhayev made a full recovery and went back to work full time April 13. He donated his plasma to researchers.Until vaccines and other preventive medicines are developed, the best way to prevent coronavirus infections is to maintain social distancing, Adalja said.“Social distancing is a blunt tool,” he said, “but it’s all that we have.”|1
Thermal scanners are effective in detecting people who have a fever (i.e. have a higher than normal body temperature). They cannot detect people who are infected with COVID-19.There are many causes of fever. Call your healthcare provider if you need assistance or seek immediate medical care if you have fever and live in an area with malaria or dengue.|1
The stakes could hardly be higher; the prize still tantalisingly out of reach. It is no exaggeration to say that the fate of many millions of people rests on the discovery of a vaccine for Covid-19 – the only sure escape route from the pandemic.Yet the optimism that accompanied the launch of Oxford University’s human trials this week has to be put in context, and the hurdles facing the scientists need to be understood.The vaccine hunters are trying to outwit an invisible enemy so small that a million viral particles could fit inside a human cell, but whose biological ingenuity has brought everyday life to a standstill.So what is the path to success?How vaccines train our immune system. Traditional vaccines work by creating a weakened version of a virus, similar enough to the original that the immune system will be forearmed if the person is exposed to a full infection in future, helping prevent actual illness.The approach has led to some of our best vaccines, but is also fundamentally risky because there is always a chance that a newly developed attenuated virus won’t be as innocuous as hoped. Clinical trials have to be approached cautiously and slowly – especially when there are no effective treatments for a disease.A slow approach is not ideal in a pandemic. So it’s perhaps unsurprising that only two of the 76 vaccine candidates that the World Health Organization has on its radar have opted for this traditional approach.  The rest rely on the fast-track idea that the immune system doesn’t need to see the entire virus to generate the ammunition to fight it off in the future. If the virus is the warship, the theory is that the immune system needs only to see the enemy flag to form an indelible immune memory. In the case of Covid-19, this flag takes the form of prominent protrusions, known as spike proteins, that form a halo or “corona” around the virus.Advances in genetic engineering have given full flight to scientists’ creativity in developing this defence. Teams around the world have moved at unprecedented pace, going from having the genetic sequence for the spike protein in January to vaccine candidates a matter of weeks later.But many of these technologies are unproven and the success of any trial is far from guaranteed, as this week’s disappointing results for the drug remdesivir show. Ethical questions need to be navigated to ensure the safety of volunteers. And then, potentially the most contentious question of all: if a vaccine is found, who gets it first? The frontrunners First into clinical trials, just eight weeks after the genetic sequence for Covid-19 was published in January, was the US biotech company Moderna, with its RNA vaccine.RNA is a single-stranded messenger molecule that normally delivers genetic instructions from DNA, coiled up inside cells, to protein-making factories that sit outside cells.In this case, the RNA instructs the muscle cells to start churning out the harmless spike protein as a warning to the immune system. Imperial College London’s team, this week backed by £22.5m government funding, is also developing an RNA vaccine, but in a form that hasn’t been tested before in people.“Some groups have skipped animal studies because their technology has been used in human studies,” said Prof Robin Shattock, who is leading the Imperial team. “We don’t have that luxury. It’s probably cost us one or two months, but it’s much better to be cautious and be sure you’ve got something that’s really safe.”Also testing their candidates in human trials are the Chinese vaccine company CanSino Biologics, and a team at Oxford University led by Prof Sarah Gilbert. Both are using harmless viruses that have been disabled so that they don’t replicate once they get inside cells. These delivery vehicles are known as “non-replicating viral vectors”.These teams had already tried and tested the approach for other diseases, such as Ebola, and had flasks of their vectors sitting in freezers, ready to go.A third approach is that of the US biotech company Inovio, a firm that has existed for four decades without developing an approved product, but whose stock soared after it started its trial earlier this month.Its vaccine uses DNA to carry instructions for making the spike protein into cells, which gets transcribed into messenger RNA, which then orders the protein factories to start pumping out the enemy spike protein.This might seem an unnecessarily elaborate cascade, but some think that getting the enemy flag inside cells and not just into the bloodstream could be important .“Clearly it is true that there are no approved RNA or DNA vaccines on the market today,” said Joseph Kim, Inovio’s CEO. “But I think it’s just a matter of time.”Finally, a fourth strategy simply manufactures massive supplies of the spike protein itself, and injects a dose directly into people. This is what the big pharma team-up of Sanofi and GSK are betting on. Sanofi is repurposing a vaccine candidate that was developed for Sars in the early 2000s, while GSK is providing an ingredient, known as an adjuvant, that boosts the immune response, which has also been tried and tested. It’s too early to say which option looks the most promising, according to Richard Hatchett, chief executive officer of the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations (Cepi), which is funding the development and testing of eight candidates. “Some vaccines are going to be very fast to clinic, others have tremendous potential to scale up,” he said. “And the challenge that we face is that there’s going to be a great deal of urgency and pressure to roll out vaccines quickly for obvious reasons. You’re talking about giving a medical product to someone who is well.” What are the odds they’ll work? A few candidates will be filtered out in toxicology testing in animals. Others might fail because phase one trials in people produce unexpected side effects. There is a chance none of them will work.For some illnesses, including other circulating coronaviruses, the immune system wages its battle, then a few months later forgets it ever happened. Others, like chicken pox or mumps, trigger lifelong immunity. The truth is we’re not yet sure where on this spectrum Covid-19 lies. “Reasonable guesses are that there might be partial protection for close to a year,” according to Marcus Lipsitch, a professor of epidemiology at Harvard, whose team recently predicted that, in the absence of a vaccine, social distancing may need to continue until 2022. “On the long end, it might be several years of good protection. It’s really speculative at this point.”On the positive side, Covid-19 appears quite stable genetically, meaning that the spike protein that vaccines are built around should still look the same next winter. This isn’t the case for flu, which shuffles its genes around so rapidly that new vaccines are needed each year. There are also questions around the type of immunity required. The body overcomes illness through antibodies, which see off the virus itself, and killer T-cells, which eliminate cells already infected by the foreign invader. For some illnesses, antibodies do the heavy lifting, but the balance varies depending on pathogen and even across people. “An ideal vaccine should generate a response in both arms of the immune system - antibodies and T cells,” said Kim. He predicts this could be a weakness of RNA and protein vaccines, which are delivered outside of cells, meaning that killer T-cells are not likely to be recruited. There is also a chance that some trials could grind to a halt, simply because the pandemic has been so well controlled by lockdowns and other measures. “You need a certain hit rate in the population you’re vaccinating to get the statistics to show your vaccine is having protective ability,” said Miles Carroll, head of research at Public Health England’s National Infection Service at Porton Down.The possibility of “challenge trials”, in which people are deliberately infected, have been considered, but there are obvious ethical issues with exposing volunteers to a potentially deadly disease. “There’s a lot of interest in this … because it would really accelerate vaccine development, but there are some major hurdles to ensure the safety of the volunteers in that setting,” said Prof Andrew Pollard, chief investigator on the Oxford study.Scaling-up Vaccine manufacturers talk in terms of yield: how many doses of vaccine do you get out per litre of culture. And there could be significant differences in the ability of teams to produce the number of doses required to make a difference. Shattock believes this will be a strength of Imperial’s RNA vaccine candidate, which has the unique feature of replicating itself thousands of times once inside the body.“We can make the equivalent of a million doses within a litre of material,” said Shattock. “Many other vaccines would need hundreds or thousands of litres for that. It’s the scalability. Towards the end of the year we’ll be hoping to make tens of millions of doses.” “If our vaccine were shown to be successful, if everything goes well – and that’s still a big if – we could deploy it in the UK this winter,” said Shattock. “All these smaller approaches will hold the fort until a larger global solution comes.”By September there could be a vaccine – maybe several – that appear broadly safe and effective.That’s not enough to get a vaccine licensed, but governments are already talking about the potential for rolling out such candidates to high-risk groups, potentially including millions of health workers, under “emergency use” rules in the absence of this ultimate seal of approval.There are precedents for this – in the 2018 Ebola outbreak, more than 200,000 people in Democratic Republic of Congo received the Merck vaccine before it was licensed in 2019. “That might be enough if you are an intensive care nurse or living in an old people’s home, to say that for you, because you have the most to gain from being vaccinated, the risk-benefit balance is favourable,” said Sandy Douglas, an Oxford vaccine researcher.But very rare side-effects cannot be ruled out. And there have been vaccine calamities in the past – recently the GSK vaccine Pandemrix, given to millions during the swine flu pandemic of 2009, which was linked to narcolepsy in one in every 55,000 jabs. The principle of transparent informed consent will be critical, Douglas added. “In this case, that would include the fact that if you’re being offered a vaccine in October that didn’t exist in April, there will not yet be long-term safety follow-up experience, although we do have longer term experience with several similar vaccines.”Individuals could be faced with tough choices – take an experimental vaccine or leave themselves at risk of infection.At the moment, many teams are trying all sorts of ways to develop a vaccine, but there is no coherent solution for the whole planet. Some are banking on big pharma swooping in with a blockbuster product. Sanofi and GSK, as a joint force, are unique in having the ability to manufacture hundreds of millions of doses without relying on external support.But multinationals are not built for speed and their reputations depend on absolute safety, so there is no prospect of this team making its vaccine widely available before mid to late-2021. Others urge a unified approach; governments, the UN, the World Bank and the WHO need to agree a way forward before a lead candidate emerges.National governments are already making advance purchase agreements and looking to secure their own supply chains.“If vaccine nationalism asserts itself, you could end up having a limitation of a vaccine to one specific population,” said Hatchett. “It’s an understandable response of a leader who is elected by a particular population to protect that population. [But] you can’t protect your people and your economy until the global pandemic is brought under control. We really can’t deal with this one country at a time.”Hatchett and others are arguing for a global commitment of tens of billions of dollars to ensure that any successful vaccine is distributed globally and according to need. “In global health terms that’s a very big number,” he said. “But if your point of reference is the global impact that this pandemic is having on the economy, then that’s a very small number. If you buy into the idea that the vaccine is the escape route from the pandemic then that’s a really good investment.”|1
On rounds in a 20-bed intensive care unit one recent day, physician Joshua Denson assessed two patients with seizures, many with respiratory failure and others whose kidneys were on a dangerous downhill slide. Days earlier, his rounds had been interrupted as his team tried, and failed, to resuscitate a young woman whose heart had stopped. All shared one thing, says Denson, a pulmonary and critical care physician at the Tulane University School of Medicine. “They are all COVID positive.”As the number of confirmed cases of COVID-19 surges past 2.2 million globally and deaths surpass 150,000, clinicians and pathologists are struggling to understand the damage wrought by the coronavirus as it tears through the body. They are realizing that although the lungs are ground zero, its reach can extend to many organs including the heart and blood vessels, kidneys, gut, and brain.“The disease can attack almost anything in the body with devastating consequences,” says cardiologist Harlan Krumholz of Yale University and Yale-New Haven Hospital, who is leading multiple efforts to gather clinical data on COVID-19. “Its ferocity is breathtaking and humbling.”Understanding the rampage could help the doctors on the front lines treat the fraction of infected people who become desperately and sometimes mysteriously ill. Does a dangerous, newly observed tendency to blood clotting transform some mild cases into life-threatening emergencies? Is an overzealous immune response behind the worst cases, suggesting treatment with immune-suppressing drugs could help? What explains the startlingly low blood oxygen that some physicians are reporting in patients who nonetheless are not gasping for breath? “Taking a systems approach may be beneficial as we start thinking about therapies,” says Nilam Mangalmurti, a pulmonary intensivist at the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania. What follows is a snapshot of the fast-evolving understanding of how the virus attacks cells around the body, especially in the roughly 5% of patients who become critically ill. Despite the more than 1000 papers now spilling into journals and onto preprint servers every week, a clear picture is elusive, as the virus acts like no pathogen humanity has ever seen. Without larger, prospective controlled studies that are only now being launched, scientists must pull information from small studies and case reports, often published at warp speed and not yet peer reviewed. “We need to keep a very open mind as this phenomenon goes forward,” says Nancy Reau, a liver transplant physician who has been treating COVID-19 patients at Rush University Medical Center. “We are still learning.”The infection begins.When an infected person expels virus-laden droplets and someone else inhales them, the novel coronavirus, called SARS-CoV-2, enters the nose and throat. It finds a welcome home in the lining of the nose, according to a preprint from scientists at the Wellcome Sanger Institute and elsewhere. They found that cells there are rich in a cell-surface receptor called angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2). Throughout the body, the presence of ACE2, which normally helps regulate blood pressure, marks tissues vulnerable to infection, because the virus requires that receptor to enter a cell. Once inside, the virus hijacks the cell’s machinery, making myriad copies of itself and invading new cells.As the virus multiplies, an infected person may shed copious amounts of it, especially during the first week or so. Symptoms may be absent at this point. Or the virus’ new victim may develop a fever, dry cough, sore throat, loss of smell and taste, or head and body aches.If the immune system doesn’t beat back SARS-CoV-2 during this initial phase, the virus then marches down the windpipe to attack the lungs, where it can turn deadly. The thinner, distant branches of the lung’s respiratory tree end in tiny air sacs called alveoli, each lined by a single layer of cells that are also rich in ACE2 receptors.Normally, oxygen crosses the alveoli into the capillaries, tiny blood vessels that lie beside the air sacs; the oxygen is then carried to the rest of the body. But as the immune system wars with the invader, the battle itself disrupts this healthy oxygen transfer. Front-line white blood cells release inflammatory molecules called chemokines, which in turn summon more immune cells that target and kill virus-infected cells, leaving a stew of fluid and dead cells—pus—behind. This is the underlying pathology of pneumonia, with its corresponding symptoms: coughing; fever; and rapid, shallow respiration (see graphic). Some COVID-19 patients recover, sometimes with no more support than oxygen breathed in through nasal prongs.But others deteriorate, often quite suddenly, developing a condition called acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS). Oxygen levels in their blood plummet and they struggle ever harder to breathe. On x-rays and computed tomography scans, their lungs are riddled with white opacities where black space—air—should be. Commonly, these patients end up on ventilators. Many die. Autopsies show their alveoli became stuffed with fluid, white blood cells, mucus, and the detritus of destroyed lung cells.An invader’s impact. In serious cases, SARS-CoV-2 lands in the lungs and can do deep damage there. But the virus, or the body’s response to it, can injure many other organs. Scientists are just beginning to probe the scope and nature of that harm. Click on organ name for more.Some clinicians suspect the driving force in many gravely ill patients’ downhill trajectories is a disastrous overreaction of the immune system known as a “cytokine storm,” which other viral infections are known to trigger. Cytokines are chemical signaling molecules that guide a healthy immune response; but in a cytokine storm, levels of certain cytokines soar far beyond what’s needed, and immune cells start to attack healthy tissues. Blood vessels leak, blood pressure drops, clots form, and catastrophic organ failure can ensue.Some studies have shown elevated levels of these inflammation-inducing cytokines in the blood of hospitalized COVID-19 patients. “The real morbidity and mortality of this disease is probably driven by this out of proportion inflammatory response to the virus,” says Jamie Garfield, a pulmonologist who cares for COVID-19 patients at Temple University Hospital.But others aren’t convinced. “There seems to have been a quick move to associate COVID-19 with these hyperinflammatory states. I haven’t really seen convincing data that that is the case,” says Joseph Levitt, a pulmonary critical care physician at the Stanford University School of Medicine.He’s also worried that efforts to dampen a cytokine response could backfire. Several drugs targeting specific cytokines are in clinical trials in COVID-19 patients. But Levitt fears those drugs may suppress the immune response that the body needs to fight off the virus. “There’s a real risk that we allow more viral replication,” Levitt says.Meanwhile, other scientists are zeroing in on an entirely different organ system that they say is driving some patients’ rapid deterioration: the heart and blood vessels.Striking the heart.In Brescia, Italy, a 53-year-old woman walked into the emergency room of her local hospital with all the classic symptoms of a heart attack, including telltale signs in her electrocardiogram and high levels of a blood marker suggesting damaged cardiac muscles. Further tests showed cardiac swelling and scarring, and a left ventricle—normally the powerhouse chamber of the heart—so weak that it could only pump one-third its normal amount of blood. But when doctors injected dye in the coronary arteries, looking for the blockage that signifies a heart attack, they found none. Another test revealed why: The woman had COVID-19.How the virus attacks the heart and blood vessels is a mystery, but dozens of preprints and papers attest that such damage is common. A 25 March paper in JAMA Cardiology documented heart damage in nearly 20% of patients out of 416 hospitalized for COVID-19 in Wuhan, China. In another Wuhan study, 44% of 36 patients admitted to the ICU had arrhythmias.The disruption seems to extend to the blood itself. Among 184 COVID-19 patients in a Dutch ICU, 38% had blood that clotted abnormally, and almost one-third already had clots, according to a 10 April paper in Thrombosis Research. Blood clots can break apart and land in the lungs, blocking vital arteries—a condition known as pulmonary embolism, which has reportedly killed COVID-19 patients. Clots from arteries can also lodge in the brain, causing stroke. Many patients have “dramatically” high levels of D-dimer, a byproduct of blood clots, says Behnood Bikdeli, a cardiovascular medicine fellow at Columbia University Medical Center.“The more we look, the more likely it becomes that blood clots are a major player in the disease severity and mortality from COVID-19,” Bikdeli says.Infection may also lead to blood vessel constriction. Reports are emerging of ischemia in the fingers and toes—a reduction in blood flow that can lead to swollen, painful digits and tissue death.The more we look, the more likely it becomes that blood clots are a major player in the disease severity and mortality from COVID-19. In the lungs, blood vessel constriction might help explain anecdotal reports of a perplexing phenomenon seen in pneumonia caused by COVID-19: Some patients have extremely low blood-oxygen levels and yet are not gasping for breath. It’s possible that at some stages of disease, the virus alters the delicate balance of hormones that help regulate blood pressure and constricts blood vessels going to the lungs. So oxygen uptake is impeded by constricted blood vessels, rather than by clogged alveoli. “One theory is that the virus affects the vascular biology and that’s why we see these really low oxygen levels,” Levitt says.If COVID-19 targets blood vessels, that could also help explain why patients with pre-existing damage to those vessels, for example from diabetes and high blood pressure, face higher risk of serious disease. Recent Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) data on hospitalized patients in 14 U.S. states found that about one-third had chronic lung disease—but nearly as many had diabetes, and fully half had pre-existing high blood pressure.Mangalmurti says she has been “shocked by the fact that we don’t have a huge number of asthmatics” or patients with other respiratory diseases in HUP’s ICU. “It’s very striking to us that risk factors seem to be vascular: diabetes, obesity, age, hypertension.”Scientists are struggling to understand exactly what causes the cardiovascular damage. The virus may directly attack the lining of the heart and blood vessels, which, like the nose and alveoli, are rich in ACE2 receptors. Or perhaps lack of oxygen, due to the chaos in the lungs, damages blood vessels. Or a cytokine storm could ravage the heart as it does other organs.“We’re still at the beginning,” Krumholz says. “We really don’t understand who is vulnerable, why some people are affected so severely, why it comes on so rapidly … and why it is so hard [for some] to recover.”Multiple battlefields.The worldwide fears of ventilator shortages for failing lungs have received plenty of attention. Not so a scramble for another type of equipment: dialysis machines. “If these folks are not dying of lung failure, they’re dying of renal failure,” says neurologist Jennifer Frontera of New York University’s Langone Medical Center, which has treated thousands of COVID-19 patients. Her hospital is developing a dialysis protocol with different machines to support additional patients. The need for dialysis may be because the kidneys, abundantly endowed with ACE2 receptors, present another viral target.According to one preprint, 27% of 85 hospitalized patients in Wuhan had kidney failure. Another reported that 59% of nearly 200 hospitalized COVID-19 patients in China’s Hubei and Sichuan provinces had protein in their urine, and 44% had blood; both suggest kidney damage. Those with acute kidney injury (AKI), were more than five times as likely to die as COVID-19 patients without it, the same Chinese preprint reported.“The lung is the primary battle zone. But a fraction of the virus possibly attacks the kidney. And as on the real battlefield, if two places are being attacked at the same time, each place gets worse,” says Hongbo Jia, a neuroscientist at the Chinese Academy of Sciences’s Suzhou Institute of Biomedical Engineering and Technology and a co-author of that study.Viral particles were identified in electron micrographs of kidneys from autopsies in one study, suggesting a direct viral attack. But kidney injury may also be collateral damage. Ventilators boost the risk of kidney damage, as do antiviral compounds including remdesivir, which is being deployed experimentally in COVID-19 patients. Cytokine storms also can dramatically reduce blood flow to the kidney, causing often-fatal damage. And pre-existing diseases like diabetes can increase the chances of kidney injury. “There is a whole bucket of people who already have some chronic kidney disease who are at higher risk for acute kidney injury,” says Suzanne Watnick, chief medical officer at Northwest Kidney Centers.Buffeting the brain.Another striking set of symptoms in COVID-19 patients centers on the brain and central nervous system. Frontera says neurologists are needed to assess 5% to 10% of coronavirus patients at her hospital. But she says that “is probably a gross underestimate” of the number whose brains are struggling, especially because many are sedated and on ventilators.Frontera has seen patients with the brain inflammation encephalitis, with seizures, and with a “sympathetic storm,” a hyperreaction of the sympathetic nervous system that causes seizurelike symptoms and is most common after a traumatic brain injury. Some people with COVID-19 briefly lose consciousness. Others have strokes. Many report losing their sense of smell. And Frontera and others wonder whether in some cases, infection depresses the brain stem reflex that senses oxygen starvation. This is another explanation for anecdotal observations that some patients aren’t gasping for air, despite dangerously low blood oxygen levels.ACE2 receptors are present in the neural cortex and brain stem, says Robert Stevens, an intensive care physician at Johns Hopkins Medicine. But it’s not known under what circumstances the virus penetrates the brain and interacts with these receptors. That said, the coronavirus behind the 2003 severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) epidemic—a close cousin of today’s culprit—could infiltrate neurons and sometimes caused encephalitis. On 3 April, a case study in the International Journal of Infectious Diseases, from a team in Japan, reported traces of new coronavirus in the cerebrospinal fluid of a COVID-19 patient who developed meningitis and encephalitis, suggesting it, too, can penetrate the central nervous system.But other factors could be damaging the brain. For example, a cytokine storm could cause brain swelling, and the blood’s exaggerated tendency to clot could trigger strokes. The challenge now is to shift from conjecture to confidence, at a time when staff are focused on saving lives, and even neurologic assessments like inducing the gag reflex or transporting patients for brain scans risk spreading the virus.Last month, Sherry Chou, a neurologist at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center, began to organize a worldwide consortium that now includes 50 centers to draw neurological data from care patients already receive. The early goals are simple: Identify the prevalence of neurologic complications in hospitalized patients and document how they fare. Longer term, Chou and her colleagues hope to gather scans, lab tests, and other data to better understand the virus’ impact on the nervous system, including the brain.Chou speculates about a possible invasion route: through the nose, then upward and through the olfactory bulb—explaining reports of a loss of smell—which connects to the brain. “It’s a nice sounding theory,” she says. “We really have to go and prove that.”Most neurological symptoms “are reported from colleague to colleague by word of mouth,” Chou adds. “I don’t think anybody, and certainly not me, can say we’re experts.”Reaching the gut. In early March, a 71-year-old Michigan woman returned from a Nile River cruise with bloody diarrhea, vomiting, and abdominal pain. Initially doctors suspected she had a common stomach bug, such as Salmonella. But after she developed a cough, doctors took a nasal swab and found her positive for the novel coronavirus. A stool sample positive for viral RNA, as well as signs of colon injury seen in an endoscopy, pointed to a gastrointestinal (GI) infection with the coronavirus, according to a paper posted online in The American Journal of Gastroenterology. Her case adds to a growing body of evidence suggesting the new coronavirus, like its cousin SARS, can infect the lining of the lower digestive tract, where the crucial ACE2 receptors are abundant. Viral RNA has been found in as many as 53% of sampled patients’ stool samples. And in a paper in press at Gastroenterology, a Chinese team reported finding the virus’ protein shell in gastric, duodenal, and rectal cells in biopsies from a COVID-19 patient. “I think it probably does replicate in the gastrointestinal tract,” says Mary Estes, a virologist at Baylor College of Medicine.Recent reports suggest up to half of patients, averaging about 20% across studies, experience diarrhea, says Brennan Spiegel of Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles, co–editor-in-chief of AJG. GI symptoms aren’t on CDC’s list of COVID-19 symptoms, which could cause some COVID-19 cases to go undetected, Spiegel and others say. “If you mainly have fever and diarrhea, you won’t be tested for COVID,” says Douglas Corley of Kaiser Permanente, Northern California, co-editor of Gastroenterology.The presence of virus in the GI tract raises the unsettling possibility that it could be passed on through feces. But it’s not yet clear whether stool contains intact, infectious virus, or only RNA and proteins. To date, “We have no evidence” that fecal transmission is important, says coronavirus expert Stanley Perlman of the University of Iowa. CDC says that based on experiences with SARS and with the virus that causes Middle East respiratory syndrome, another dangerous cousin of the new coronavirus, the risk from fecal transmission is probably low.The intestines are not the end of the disease’s march through the body. For example, up to one-third of hospitalized patients develop conjunctivitis—pink, watery eyes—although it’s not clear that the virus directly invades the eye. Other reports suggest liver damage: More than half of COVID-19 patients hospitalized in two Chinese centers had elevated levels of enzymes indicating injury to the liver or bile ducts. But several experts told Science that direct viral invasion isn’t likely the culprit. They say other events in a failing body, like drugs or an immune system in overdrive, are more likely driving the liver damage.This map of the devastation that COVID-19 can inflict on the body is still just a sketch. It will take years of painstaking research to sharpen the picture of its reach, and the cascade of cardiovascular and immune effects it might set in motion. As science races ahead, from probing tissues under microscopes to testing drugs on patients, the hope is for treatments more wily than the virus that has stopped the world in its tracks.|1
Influenza (flu) is defined as an acute, commonly epidemic disease, occurring in several forms, caused by numerous rapidly mutating viral strains and characterized by respiratory symptoms and general prostration. (1)  The flu has a major impact on the lungs. Colds start in the nose and upper respiratory tract. Vomiting and diarrhea are assigned to yet another viral family.Corona Virus.We are currently in the grip of a media frenzy and potential public health disaster. A new type of corona virus has emerged from a large city in China, Wuhan, and the world is bracing for an impact of a major epidemic. We have been here before, however, we have already experienced MERS (Middle East respiratory syndrome) and SARS (severe acute respiratory syndrome) along with the same specter of massive numbers of deaths. Corona viruses are thought to be generally mild and not very virulent. This type of virus is found very commonly in animals. Some now believe that the virus for MERS, SARS and now the Wuhan Virus has somehow unnaturally been transmitted to humans, and humans have now become another vector for this infection.Western Medicine, Louis Pasteur and Antoine Béchamp.We have developed Western medicine primarily by following the teaching of French chemist Louis Pasteur (1822-1895) and the Germ Theory of Disease. Pasteur believed that diseases were caused by outside pathogens invading the body. Antoine Béchamp a Pasteur contemporary, disagreed. He believed that it was that the condition of the body, the terrain, was the source of illness. A healthy body is dependent upon its acid/base balance; its charge; the amount of toxicity and its nutritional status. Only tissue that is already diseased can harbor organisms that become pathogenic. We are starting to appreciate our complicated relationships with the microbial world as we have begun to explore the wonderful world of our microbiomes.  This disease theories of Pasteur have led us to the doctrines of virology and immunology. This evolution began before we learned anything about vitamins, trace minerals and other nutrients. (2)Vaccinate!Western medicine is now leaving the world of antibiotics. Antibiotics are failing and have served to create more pathogens that are resistant to antibiotic treatments. Western medicine is now embracing vaccination. And why not? There are untold numbers of microbes and 7.8 billion people on earth to experiment upon. Pharmaceutical companies have more and more vaccines in their pipelines. All they must do is to convince us and our governments that their vaccines are the only thing that saves us from vast epidemics, severe illness and probably death. And not a surprise the Corona virus has already been patented. Even at best, this season’s flu vaccines have already proven to be 70% ineffective. The promise of herd immunity does not hold up with vaccinated populations.Nine Months to a Corona Vaccine.On January 23, 2020 the company Moderna, Inc announced that it is partnering with the US National Institutes of Health (4) to develop a vaccine to prevent infection by the corona virus within the next 9 months. They promise new technology to address this life-threatening epidemic. Sound good? It might be if vaccinations worked. It might be if organisms didn’t rapidly mutate to new forms as they pass through their vectors. It might be if vaccines didn’t also depend on heavy metals to aggravate the immune system. It might be if animal and human DNA from the viral growth medium weren’t injected into the body without any clue for the long-term consequences. Vaccines do not work. How is the Flu Deadly?Most of us have experienced the respiratory illness that is characterized as the flu at some point in our lives. Temperatures rise as it is part of the body’s natural defense mechanism, but not always. There are aches and pains and general malaise and coughing. Most of us take to our beds until we feel better. However, some days after the viral assault, pneumonia (inflammation of the lungs), caused by bacteria can set in. This infection can become life threatening as it spreads, and organ systems become compromised. If someone is already struggling with organ system problems, let’s say with cardiovascular disease, diabetes, or renal issues, this can become the tipping point. The infection can lead to sepsis, a systemic inflammatory response, shutting down organ systems leading to death. Even in young healthy people, this response, also called a cytokine storm, can overwhelm the body.Back to Antoine Béchamp.This is the other option. We can choose to help our body’s terrain remain in its healthy state, and if we get sick we can choose to return our body to that healthy state rather than embrace warfare on our microbial world and be left with the consequences of the “friendly fire”. The rest of this article will focus on staying well and getting well despite a flu epidemic. Admittedly, it is getting to be more and more difficult. Our water, our air and our food have become compromised like never before in human history.Basic and Free (or almost). Wash your hands. We can’t live our lives and avoid contact with other people. However, we can minimize the challenges to our immune system by frequently washing your hands. After the SARS outbreak in 2003, a Toronto epidemiologist related that the installation of  numerous handwashing stations and maintaining sanitary protocols stopped the spread of SARS in its tracks.Plain soap and water will do. You can find alcohol and chemical wipes everywhere, but this is not the best choice as these chemicals strip your skin of their natural oils which also protect you.  It’s better to use wipes that have been infused with essential oils. Essential oils have power antiviral activities and can be inhaled and infused. Using a diffuser in public spaces such as schools could cut down viral transmission. This reference holds a long list of the most effective essential oils and herbal remedies.The So-Called Flu Season. “...it has been my observation that those patients receiving a Vitamin D injection in the fall have never had a substantial cold or flu during the winter. Interestingly, the dose of a single injection is 400,000 IU (International Units). While that seems a substantial dose, after administering many thousands of injections, I have never seen an example of the Vitamin D levels climbing too high. As a matter of fact, some individuals are so depleted at the intracellular level that they might need 2 or 3 injections over the winter months to preserve optimal levels of vitamin D.”  Dr. Dale Guyer, Indianapolis posting in Facebook. Vitamin D is a primary tool for preventing infection of all kinds. The flu season coincides with the greatest lack of sunshine and the opportunity to create vitamin D in the skin. It is easily supplemented. Optimal levels should be 70-80 ng/ml. Supplementing vitamin D can be preventative. High doses can be used to treat an acute incidence of the flu. Linus Pauling and Vitamin C.Linus Pauling’s claim to fame was to make vitamin C a household word. He extolled the virtues of vitamin for prevention and treatment for colds and the flu. Vitamin C can be used in smaller doses as prevention and ramped up to bowel tolerance for treatment. In severe cases, a physician may offer even higher doses in an IV treatment to speed recovery from the flu. Using vitamin C in a phospholipid delivery system can also provide higher and effective doses. Hydrocortisone.Dr. William Jefferies spent his entire career studying hydrocortisone or cortisol. In his 80’s, he made an interesting discovery. After deliberately infecting some volunteer students, he discovered that the virus inhibited the pituitary hormone ACTH which is responsible for the adrenal production of hydrocortisone. That feeling of malaise and the aches and pains and headaches that come with the flu are quickly eradicated by using supplemental hydrocortisone.  Practitioners can provide the drug Cortef to be used orally. However, hydrocortisone 1 % cream can be found in drug stores and applied to the skin. To prevent the flu, establish that there are no underlying hydrocortisone deficiencies. Practitioners rely on an Adrenal Stress Index saliva test or morning cortisol in the serum to identify problems. Dr. Jefferies used maintenance doses such as 5 mg of hydrocortisone every 6 hours. In the case of an acute flu, larger doses should be used immediately, and relief is rapid.Ozone.Antibiotics are starting to fail as mentioned above. But we really don’t have to worry much despite the dire prognostications. Ozone, a gas, which is a very reactive form of oxygen can treat any infection. Ozone treated water can be used in hand washing and cleaning surfaces.  Ozonated oils such as olive oil can be gargled if there is a sore throat. You can use ozone in your ears, vaginally, or rectally for a full body treatment. You can also ozonate your bath water. A practitioner can help you with intravenous options if a serious infection has persisted. The American Association of Ozone Therapy is a great resource to learn about ozone.To Be Continued.We are just scratching the surface so far on all the methods we may use to deter getting an infection and what steps we can take to treat an infection. Humanity has survived on the earth for millions of years. There are multiple modalities, both conventional and traditional that can strengthen the immune system and help prevent infections. We can open the door to rediscover and identify our rich histories of healing modalities. We have choices. We don’t have to rely only on hastily devised, unproven and untested therapies alone.Don't forget to read the companion article: https://worldhealth.net/news/2020-coronavirus-report/.The full project can been viewed at: https://www.drklatz.org/corona-virus-solution.Article courtesy of: Carol Petersen RPh CNP.Carol Petersen is an accomplished compounding pharmacist with decades of experience helping patients improve their quality of life through bioidentical hormone replacement therapy with Women’s International Pharmacy. She graduated from the University of Wisconsin School of Pharmacy and is a Certified Nutritional Practitioner. Her passion to optimize health and commitment to compounding is evident in her involvement with organizations including the International College of Integrated Medicine and the American College of Apothecaries. She was also the founder and first chair for the Compounding Special Interest Group with the American Pharmacists Association, and co-hosts the radio program Take Charge Of Your Health.|0
What you need to know about how the virus is transmitted.A delicate but highly contagious virus, roughly one-900th the width of a human hair, is spreading from person to person around the world. The coronavirus, as it’s known, has already infected more than 200,000 people in 140 countries.Because this virus is so new, experts’ understanding of how it spreads is limited. They can, however, offer some guidance about how it does — and does not — seem to be transmitted.If I cross paths with a sick person, will I get sick, too?You walk into a crowded grocery store. A shopper has the coronavirus. What puts you most at risk of getting infected by that person?Experts agree they have a great deal to learn, but four factors are likely to play some role: how close you get; how long you are near the person; whether that person projects viral droplets on you; and how much you touch your face. (Of course, your age and health are also major factors.)Also, the larger the number of people in the store — or in any other situation —  the greater the chance that you’ll cross paths with an infected person, which is why so many health officials are now urging people to avoid crowds and to cancel gatherings large and small.What’s a viral droplet?It is a droplet containing viral particles. A virus is a tiny codependent microbe that attaches to a cell, takes over, makes more of itself and moves on to its next host. This is its “lifestyle,” said Gary Whittaker, a professor of virology at the Cornell University College of Veterinary Medicine.A “naked” virus can’t go anywhere unless it’s hitching a ride with a droplet of mucus or saliva, said Kin-on Kwok, a professor at the Jockey Club School of Public Health and Primary Care at the Chinese University of Hong Kong.These mucus and saliva droplets are ejected from the mouth or the nose as we cough, sneeze, laugh, sing, breathe and talk. If they don’t hit something along the way, they typically land on the floor or the ground. When the virus becomes suspended in droplets smaller than five micrometers — known as aerosols — it can stay suspended for about a half-hour, research suggests.   To gain access to your cells, the viral droplets must enter through the eyes, the nose or the mouth. Some experts believe that sneezing and coughing are most likely the primary forms of transmission. Professor Kwok said talking face-to-face or sharing a meal with someone could pose a risk.Julian Tang, a virologist and a professor at the University of Leicester in England who is researching the coronavirus with Professor Kwok, agreed.“If you can smell what someone had for lunch — garlic, curry, etc. — you are inhaling what they are breathing out, including any virus in their breath,” he said.The virus does not linger in the air at high enough levels to be a risk to most people. But the techniques health care workers use to care for sick people can generate high levels of aerosols. This is part of why it’s so important that they have proper protective equipment.How close is too close?The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recommends keeping a distance of six feet from other people to minimize the possibility of infection. (A useful way to think about six feet is that it’s roughly twice the length of the average person’s extended arm.Three feet is the distance the W.H.O. emphasizes as particularly risky when standing near a person who is coughing or sneezing.Still, other public health experts say that at this crucial moment, when the world still has an opportunity to slow the transmission of the coronavirus, any number of feet is too close. By cutting out all but essential in-person interactions, we can help flatten the curve, they say, keeping the number of sick people to levels that medical providers can manage.How long is too long to be near an infected person?It’s not yet clear, but most experts agree that more time equals more risk.Will you know a person is sick?Not necessarily.Fever, coughing, chest pain and shortness of breath may signal that someone has been infected with the coronavirus. (Covid-19 is the name for the disease caused by the virus.But it has become increasingly clear that people without symptoms can also infect others. In some cases, these people may later feel terrible enough to try to get tested, isolate themselves, seek treatment and notify friends and colleagues about potential risk. In still other cases, people with the virus may never experience the physical discomfort that would tip them off to the fact that they have been a danger to others.  Can the virus last on a bus pole, a touch screen or other surface?Yes. After numerous people who attended a Buddhist temple in Hong Kong fell ill, the city’s Center for Health Protection collected samples from the site. Restroom faucets and the cloth covers over Buddhist texts tested positive for the coronavirus, the agency said.This coronavirus is just the latest of many similarly shaped viruses. (Coronaviruses are named for the spikes that protrude from their surfaces, which resemble a crown or the sun’s corona.A recent study of the novel coronavirus found that it could live for three days on plastic and steel. If you are ordering lots of supplies online, you may be relieved to know that the virus did poorly on cardboard — it disintegrated over the course of a day.  It survived for about four hours on copper.Whether a surface looks dirty or clean is irrelevant. If an infected person sneezed and a droplet landed on a surface, a person who then touched that surface could pick it up. How much is required to infect a person is unclear.But as long as you wash your hands before touching your face, you should be OK, because viral droplets don’t pass through skin.Also, coronaviruses are relatively easy to destroy. Using a simple disinfectant on a surface is nearly guaranteed to break the delicate envelope that surrounds the tiny microbe, rendering it harmless, Professor Whittaker said.Does the brand or type of soap you use matter?No, several experts said.My neighbor is coughing. Should I be worried?There is no evidence that viral particles can go through walls or glass, said Dr. Ashish K. Jha, director of the Harvard Global Health Institute.He said he was more concerned about the dangers posed by common spaces than those posed by vents, provided there is good air circulation in a room.An infected neighbor might sneeze on a railing and if you touched it, “that would be a more natural way to get it from your neighbor,” he said.Can I get it from making out with someone?Kissing could definitely spread it, several experts said.Though coronaviruses are not typically sexually transmitted, it’s too soon to know, the W.H.O. said.Is it safe to eat where people are sick with the coronavirus?If a sick person handles the food or it’s a high-traffic buffet, then risks cannot be ruled out — but heating or reheating food should kill the virus, Professor Whittaker said.Dr. Jha concurred.“As a general rule, we haven’t seen that food is a mechanism for spreading,” he said.Can my dog or cat safely join me in quarantine?Thousands of people have already begun various types of quarantines. Some have been mandated by health officials, while others are voluntary and primarily involve staying home.Can a cat or dog join someone to make quarantine less lonely?Professor Whittaker, who has studied the spread of coronaviruses in animals and humans, said that he had seen no evidence that people who have the virus could be a danger to their pets.|1
No. Coronavirus symptoms can include fever, dry cough or shortness of breath. If your child has other symptoms, like mild fever, runny nose or sore throat, you should call your pediatrician first before going anywhere. “We want people who are not critically ill to stay out of the hospital,” Dr. Madan said.If your child develops more severe symptoms, such as trouble breathing, an inability to eat or drink or a change in behavior, you should visit a doctor, Dr. Madan said.|1
March 28, 2020 Updates: Dr. Vladimir Zelenko has now treated 699 coronavirus patients with 100% success and ZERO deaths using Hydroxychloroquine Sulfate, Zinc and Z-Pak.The deadly Coronavirus pandemic continues to claim thousands of lives around the world. That’s the bad news. The good news is, many doctors from around the world, including the United States are successfully treating coronavirus patients with great success. Studies in France, China, and Australia, found that a combination of two anti-malaria drugs Hydroxychloroquine and Azithromycin (Z-Pak) have shown to cure coronavirus patients within six days with a 100% success rate.In a video posted on YouTube, Dr. Vladimir Zelenko, a board-certified family practitioner in New York, said he saw the symptom of shortness of breath resolved within four to six hours.“I’m seeing a tremendous outbreak in this community,” he said. “My estimate is more than 60% currently have the infection. “That’s based on the percentage of the tests that I’m getting back already,” Zelenko explained. “That’s probably around 20,000 people, probably more.”In the meantime, while we are all talking about anti-malaria drugs hydroxychloroquine and chloroquine, Italian doctors said that Tolicizumab, a drug used to treat moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis, has shown to be more effective than hydroxychloroquine in treating coronavirus patients.|0
Every person has multiple viruses in their body, and everyone has experienced a viral infection at some point in their life. In spite of this, the vast majority of people know very little about viruses and how they can protect themselves from the pain and suffering viruses cause. What Are Viruses?Viruses are very tiny germs; much smaller than bacteria. They are made up of genetic material with an outside protein exterior. They have some very unique characteristics.They are not able to make protein like cells.They are totally dependent on their host for survival.They can only reproduce while inside of a host cell.A strong immune system can keep viruses from multiplying.In a compromised immune system, the virus inserts its genetic material into a cell and begins to produce more virus in the host cell.Each virus has a unique shape, and is attracted to very specific organs in the body, such as the liver, lungs or even our blood.What Are the Diseases/Illnesses That Are Caused by Viruses?There is a long list of diseases caused by viruses including:Some colds,Influenza,Chickenpox,HIV,Some Pneumonia,Shingles,Rubella,Measles,Hepatitis,Herpes, Polio,Ebola, Smallpox. Mumps.Epstein Barr.Treatments for Viral Diseases.Viruses are very difficult to treat with conventional medical approaches. A few of the more effective treatments include:Smallpox – A vaccine has been effective.HIV – A few medications have proven to be effective.Hepatitis C – A few medications have proven to be very effective.Flu vaccine – This year’s version of the flu vaccine (2020) is only 10 percent effective according to a recent study in the New England Journal of Medicine. This study in Jan/Feb. 2020 suggests that this year’s dominant flu virus is unique and stronger than previous strains.Vaccinations for the flu and measles have not been shown to be consistently effective, but show some promise for the future. These efforts deserve to be continued. However, there are several natural approaches, that deserve to be mentioned, and they are supported by excellent scientific evidence.Animal Caused Viruses,Some viruses emanate from contact with animals.Virus, Influenza,Rabies,Lassa, leptospirosis, etc.Ebola and Marburg,HIV – 1 and 2,Newcastle disease,West Nile,Rabies,Yellow fever and dengue fever, Animal Cause, Birds, pigs, horses,Bats, dogs, foxes, Rodents,Monkeys, Chimpanzees and monkeys, Poultry,Birds,Animal bite,Insects – mosquitoes, lice, fleas,Plant Spread of Viruses, Fruits and vegetables can also become infected with viruses. Norovirus contamination can occur before and after harvest from water runoff containing fecal matter, or when infected humans touch the plants. Noroviruses do not grow on the plant-like bacteria does. They wait until the infection is passed on to a human, and then it begins to multiply. Many commercial harvests are treated with irradiation, which can have some effect on viruses but mainly kills bacteria.Local produce at food markets is not irradiated. A novel method of treatment has been developed by scientists in Quebec, Canada. The combined cranberry juice and citrus extract in a spray for produce such as lettuce and strawberries. Other produce sprays been effectively kill bacteria but are not as effective on the norovirus. This spray turned out to be very effective. (The study was published online on February 12, 2020, in the Journal of Applied Microbiology).The Human Spread of Viruses,There are a few viruses that are spread by human contact.Human Transmission, Skin contact,Respiratory,Fecal-oral, Milk,Sexually,Virus Type. HPV (warts), Cold viruses, flu, measles, mumps, Polio, Coxsackie, Hepatitis A, HIV, HTLV-1, CMV,Herpes 1 and 2, HIV, Hepatitis B, Preventing and Treating Viral Disease Naturally. There is mounting scientific evidence that a handful of vitamins, minerals, and herbs have been shown to be effective in the prevention and treatments of many viral influenced illnesses. Below are a few examples of some natural prevention and treatment protocols:Measles – In 2002, in a study of children under the age of two with measles the participants experienced a reduced risk of overall mortality, and pneumonia specific mortality, after taking 200,000 IU of vitamin A for two days. (Pub Med). HIV – In 2018, a National Institute of Health study found that low vitamin D3 promotes inflammation and de-activation of key immune system elements. Supplementation with vitamin D3 to levels between 50–90 mg/mL can help provide excellent protection.Colds and flu – In April of 2012, a study found that low levels of vitamin D3 resulted in an increase in colds, flu, and autoimmune diseases. These low levels, under 50 mg/mL, allow for genetic activation of reduced immune function. (Federation of American Scientists for Experimental Biology. TB and Hepatitis C – Vitamin D3 deficiency has now been found to have a strong correlation to the development of TB, hepatitis C, and bacterial vaginosis.Canadian AIDS Treatment and Information Exchange.Polio – Nearly 50 years ago, Dr. Frederick Klenner cured 60 people with polio by using multi-gram doses of vitamin C. He used both intramuscular and intravenous methods over a two-day period. (Journal of Preventive Medicine – 1974. Sepsis – Sepsis is not a virus, but it is a very dangerous infection caused by difficult to treat bacteria. Vitamin C used as an adjunct to anti-bacterial protocols has been shown to be highly effective in reducing the severity and length of the infection. Many lives are being saved in the hospitals using this integrated protocol. (J Crit Care – 2018. Viral pneumonia – When Dr. Andrew Saul became ill with viral pneumonia, his doctor offered no treatment. Dr. Saul knew about the work of Dr. Cathcart, who was using mega doses of intravenous vitamin C (200,000 mg daily). Dr. Saul took 2,000 mg of vitamin C orally every six minutes and experienced dramatic relief within hours. After consuming 100,000 mg, he began to experience a considerable reduction of symptoms. (www.DoctorYourself.com and Journal of Orthomolecular Medicine. The Special Case of the Coronavirus. 1. Vitamin C – Coronavirus: Exploring Effective Nutritional Treatments, Andrew W. Saul, Orthomolecular News Service; January 30, 2020. This article is based on more than 30 clinical studies confirming the antiviral power of vitamin C against a wide range of flu viruses over several decades. Vitamin C inactivates the virus and strengthens the immune system to continue to suppress the virus. In many cases, oral supplementation up to 10,000 mg daily can create this protection. However, some viruses are stronger and may require larger doses given intravenously (100,000 to 150,000 mg daily). Vitamin C helps the body to make its own antioxidant, glutathione as well as assist the body in the production of its own antiviral called interferon. If IV vitamin C is not available there have been cases where some people have gradually increased their oral dose up to 50,000 mg daily before reaching bowel tolerance. Powdered or crystal forms of high-quality ascorbic acid can be taken five grams (5,000 mg) at a time, every four hours. Every virus seems to respond to this type of treatment, regardless of whether it is SARs, Bird flu, Swine flu, or the new Coronavirus flu.Vitamin D3 – Vitamin D helps fend off flu, asthma attacks, American Journal of Clinical Nutrition, March 10, 2010. This was a double-blind placebo-controlled study where the treatment group consumed 1,200 IU of vitamin D3 during the cold and flu season, while the control group took a placebo. The vitamin D group had a 58 percent reduced risk of flu. Vitamin D3 is also very effective in the treatment of virus/flu infections:Vitamin D3 helps our body to make an antibiotic protein called cathelicidin, which is known to kill viruses, bacteria, fungi, and parasites.Vitamin D deficiency for adults is 42 percent, but this is incorrect because the standards are too low. Levels of 30–50 ng/ml are said to be adequate, but every scientific study has shown that levels of 50–100 ng/ml are needed for true protection.Diet and sunshine are good sources of vitamin D, but most people need to supplement, especially during flu season. Between 5,000–10,000 IU daily is often recommended in the form of a quality liquid supplement.When you get the flu Dr. John Cannel recommends taking 50,000 IU daily for the first 5 days, and then 5.000–10,000 IU as a maintenance dose.Other Evidence-Based Herbal Strategies for the Flu. In addition to the previously mentioned vitamin strategies for preventing and treating virus-related illnesses, there are several herbal remedies that are also effective. Here are a few with proven scientific evidence behind them:Elderberry – A study published in the Journal of Alternative and Complementary Medicine found elderberry can be used as a safe and effective treatment for influenza A and B.Calendula – A study by the University of Maryland Medical Center found that ear drops containing calendula can be effective for treating ear infections in children.Astragulus Root – Scientific studies have shown that Astragulus has anti-viral properties and stimulates the immune system. One study in the Chinese Medical Sciences Journal concluded that Astragulus is able to inhibit the growth of the coxsackie B virus.Licorice Root – Licorice is gaining popularity for the prevention and treatment of diseases, such as hepatitis C, HIV, and influenza. (The Chinese Journal of Virology published a review of these findings. Olive Leaf  – Olive leaf has been proven effective in the treatment of cold and flu viruses, meningitis, pneumonia, hepatitis B, malaria, gonorrhea, and tuberculosis. One study at the New York University School of Medicine found that olive leaf extracts reversed many HIV-1 infections.These are just some of the many anti-viral agents that should be included in everyone’s home remedy medicine chest. It may also be helpful to know which foods can provide the best anti-vital protection. Certain foods can provide strong anti-viral production. Some of the strongest foods in this category include:Wild blueberries,Sprouts, Cilantro, Coconut oil, Garlic, Ginger, Sweet potatoes, Turmeric, Red clover,Parsley, Kale, Fennel.Pomegranates. Conclusion. It is a generally accepted fact that once a virus is in the body it very seldom leaves. The medications, vitamins, and herbs that have been proven to be effective simply suppress the virus and limit its ability to reproduce. A strong immune system is key to preventing and/or successfully treating any illness. The key elements of this protection program include:Eating a plant-based whole food diet with very limited animal products. Adding daily nutritional supplements such as a multiple vitamin/mineral, 2000 mg of vitamin C with bioflavonoids, maintain vitamin D3 levels of 50–90 ng/mL, 1000–2000 mg of Omega 3 oils, a vitamin B complex and about 400 mg of magnesium depending on your level of exercise.Avoid toxins and use detoxification programs periodically.Regular daily exercise, including aerobic, resistance, and flexibility.Avoid stress and use yoga and meditation to manage stress.Wash your hands with soap and water after touching areas that have been touched by others.In the home, there is a new product, PureGreen24, that kills Staph, MRSA and most viruses within two minutes. This product has an EPA IV toxicity rating and is safe and effective for hospitals as well as for children and pets at home.Avoid putting your hands to your face.Avoid anyone who is experiencing flu and cold symptoms.At the first signs of any cold or flu symptoms begin a fairly aggressive treatment protocol. The sooner treatment begins the better the chance is that the infection can be stopped and/or controlled.By adhering to this basic anti-viral strategy, it is possible to greatly reduce the risk of these virus-related illnesses, as well as most other illnesses. Conventional medicine offers very little for the prevention or treatment of most viral illnesses. Natural medicine offers considerably more solutions.|0
Infection rate and progression to severe disease in pregnant women is similar to that in nonpregnant adult women. The same protective measures against transmission of the virus apply to both.So far, no transmission from mother to fetus has been described. Vaginal delivery should be encouraged when both the mother and the baby are not severely sick. Strict protective measures (facemasks, hand hygiene) must be observed to protect the newborn and the personnel during and after childbirth.Separation of the mother and baby and breastfeeding should be discussed on a case-by-case basis with the mother. The newborn should be protected from infection by the mother as much as possible. If the mother wishes to express her milk or breastfeed, disinfection of the breast should be added to the protection methods mentioned above.We have launched an international registry for women exposed to COVID-19 and welcome any medical center and maternity to join. (If you are a patient interested in sharing your data, please suggest that your doctors contact Dr. Baud.)|1
Some viruses, like the common cold and flu, spread more when the weather is colder. But it is still possible to become sick with these viruses during warmer months.At this time, we do not know for certain whether the spread of COVID-19 will decrease when the weather warms up. But a new report suggests that warmer weather may not have much of an impact.The report, published in early April by the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering and Medicine, summarized research that looked at how well the COVID-19 coronavirus survives in varying temperatures and humidity levels, and whether the spread of this coronavirus may slow in warmer and more humid weather.The report found that in laboratory settings, higher temperatures and higher levels of humidity decreased survival of the COVID-19 coronavirus. However, studies looking at viral spread in varying climate conditions in the natural environment had inconsistent results.The researchers concluded that conditions of increased heat and humidity alone may not significantly slow the spread of the COVID-19 virus.|1
Over the last month or so, it has become increasingly obvious to pandemic observers that “death science” operators like Dr. Fauci have been deeply involved in funding the development of bioengineering research that led to the creation (and release) of the Wuhan coronavirus which has now killed at least a quarter of a million people worldwide.Even Newsweek — a globalist publication that usually defends depopulation advocates — is now pointing out the ties between Dr. Fauci and the biological engineering industry that gives rise to bioweapons designed to exterminate humanity. “[J]ust last year, the National Institute for Allergy and Infectious Diseases, the organization led by Dr. Fauci, funded scientists at the Wuhan Institute of Virology and other institutions for work on gain-of-function research on bat coronaviruses,” reports Newsweek.com, adding: (emphasis added) In 2019, with the backing of NIAID, the National Institutes of Health committed $3.7 million over six years for research that included some gain-of-function work. The program followed another $3.7 million, 5-year project for collecting and studying bat coronaviruses, which ended in 2019, bringing the total to $7.4 million.Many scientists have criticized gain of function research, which involves manipulating viruses in the lab to explore their potential for infecting humans, because it creates a risk of starting a pandemic from accidental release.Dr. Fauci, in other words, helped funnel money into a program that the scientists knew was working to develop “gain-of-function” properties that could result in a global pandemic. They even collaborated with communist China to conduct the research, even though China is an enemy of humanity and has a long history of accidental releases of level-4 biohazard specimens.Engineering a weapon system to specifically attack human physiologyPart of the research Dr. Fauci funded was specifically looking for ways to make bat coronavirus strains attack humans. As Newsweek explains:A second phase of the project, beginning that year, included additional surveillance work but also gain-of-function research for the purpose of understanding how bat coronaviruses could mutate to attack humans. The project was run by EcoHealth Alliance, a non-profit research group, under the direction of President Peter Daszak, an expert on disease ecology. NIH canceled the project just this past Friday, April 24th, Politico reported.The proposal of that project specifically details how they planned to built a biological weapon that could devastate humankind:The project proposal states: “We will use S protein sequence data, infectious clone technology, in vitro and in vivo infection experiments and analysis of receptor binding to test the hypothesis that % divergence thresholds in S protein sequences predict spillover potential.”In layman’s terms, “spillover potential” refers to the ability of a virus to jump from animals to humans, which requires that the virus be able to attach to receptors in the cells of humans.In other words, this is the use of genetic engineering technology to build biological weapons that are designed and intended to exterminate human life.Hundreds of scientists called for a halt to the dangerous research, but Dr. Fauci made sure the grant money kept flowingAs Newsweek further explains:According to Richard Ebright, an infectious disease expert at Rutgers University, the project description refers to experiments that would enhance the ability of bat coronavirus to infect human cells and laboratory animals using techniques of genetic engineering. In the wake of the pandemic, that is a noteworthy detail.Ebright, along with many other scientists, has been a vocal opponent of gain-of-function research because of the risk it presents of creating a pandemic through accidental release from a lab.The work entailed risks that worried even seasoned researchers. More than 200 scientists called for the work to be halted. The problem, they said, is that it increased the likelihood that a pandemic would occur through a laboratory accident… Dr. Fauci defended the work.Dr. Fauci, it turns out, has been a key cheerleader for this “death science” research for decades. He has also been credibly accused by Dr. Judy Mikovitz and other virologists of stealing intellectual property and stifling whistleblowers who sought to expose the truth about NIH-funded research and how it threatens humanity. Hundreds of other scientists have publicly and repeatedly blasted Dr. Fauci and the NIH for their work in building weapons against humanity. Again, from Newsweek:In early 2019, after a reporter for Science magazine discovered that the NIH had approved two influenza research projects that used gain of function methods, scientists who oppose this kind of research excoriated the NIH in an editorial in the Washington Post.“We have serious doubts about whether these experiments should be conducted at all,” wrote Tom Inglesby of Johns Hopkins University and Marc Lipsitch of Harvard.At what point do we invoke the death sentence for those found guilty of building devastating weapons of mass destruction that kill the innocent?Prof. Francis Boyle has long called for the death sentence for scientists who are found guilty of engaging in research intended to build biological weapons that target human beings. That appears to be precisely what Dr. Fauci has done over a career spanning decades. It begs the obvious question: Should Dr. Fauci be criminally investigated and prosecuted for carrying out crimes against humanity? And if found guilty, should he face the death penalty? Should other scientists who knowingly collaborated on this project share the same fate?Right now, without exception, every scientist tied to the Wuhan Virology Institute and its gain-of-function research claims the Wuhan coronavirus couldn’t possibly have come from a lab. They are lying to the world, falsely claiming the insertion of gene sequences into the virus are the result of natural, zoological mutations in the wild. The reason they’re lying, of course, is because they know they are guilty of building a weapon that has already killed a quarter of a million innocent people, and they correctly fear that if the truth gets out, they may face criminal prosecutions themselves.Our society sentences murderers to death after they’ve killed a single person. What should be the consequences dealt out to those who conspired to build deadly biological weapons that indiscriminately killed hundreds of thousands of people?Is an NIH mass murderer running the White House response to the coronavirus?Frustratingly, Mr. “death science” Dr. Fauci himself appears to be in charge of the White House response to the pandemic. Trump appears to have been mesmerized by Dr. Fauci’s vaccine promises, and Dr. Fauci is being celebrated by the liberal media as a hero for humanity rather than the death science doctor he more accurately represents. (The left-wing media also celebrates communism, Mao, Castro and Stalin, by the way, so Dr. Fauci seems to be in good company when it comes to genocide and mass murder.)Is Trump throwing in with the death science industry and the NIH? So far, it appears Trump lacks the scientific knowledge to even recognize when he’s being manipulated by death science operators like Fauci. And with Trump now pushing for 300 million doses of an obviously experimental, untested coronavirus vaccine before the end of this year, it almost seems as if Dr. Fauci is setting up Trump to take the fall for a vaccine public health catastrophe that ends in mass fatalities and the end of the Trump administration after millions of Americans die from either the coronavirus or the vaccine itself (or a combination where the vaccine causes an “enhanced” immune response to subsequent infections, killing millions).It also raises the obvious question: If society feels justified in ending the life of a murderer who is found guilty of killing one person, what should be the punishment for those who use science to build murderous weapons that kill hundreds of thousands or millions of people?Even more alarmingly, this “death science” research continues to be conducted right now, via the NIH and Dr. Fauci himself. What sort of dangerous weapon of mass suffering and death will they concoct after another year or two of taxpayer-funded research? When will any of the NIH funding activities of the bioweapons industry be independently audited? At what point are scientists who build deadly bioweapons to be held accountable when their nanotechnology escapes into the wild and devastates human civilization?Watch this video from Peak Prosperity for a more detailed analysis of the Fauci “death science” industry and its war on humanity:Should “death science” operatives like Dr. Fauci face the DEATH SENTENCE if found guilty of collaborating to build the Wuhan coronavirus bioweapon?anti-human, badhealth, badmedicine, badscience, biological weapons, bioweapons, BSL-4, coronavirus, covid-19, death science, deaths, demonic, depopulation, Dr Fauci, Fatalities, gene editing, genetic engineering, genetic lunacy, labs, war on humanity, Wuhan21K. Should “death science” operatives like Dr. Fauci face the DEATH SENTENCE if found guilty of collaborating to build the Wuhan coronavirus bioweapon?(Natural News) Over the last month or so, it has become increasingly obvious to pandemic observers that “death science” operators like Dr. Fauci have been deeply involved in funding the development of bioengineering research that led to the creation (and release) of the Wuhan coronavirus which has now killed at least a quarter of a million people worldwide.Even Newsweek — a globalist publication that usually defends depopulation advocates — is now pointing out the ties between Dr. Fauci and the biological engineering industry that gives rise to bioweapons designed to exterminate humanity. “[J]ust last year, the National Institute for Allergy and Infectious Diseases, the organization led by Dr. Fauci, funded scientists at the Wuhan Institute of Virology and other institutions for work on gain-of-function research on bat coronaviruses,” reports Newsweek.com, adding:In 2019, with the backing of NIAID, the National Institutes of Health committed $3.7 million over six years for research that included some gain-of-function work. The program followed another $3.7 million, 5-year project for collecting and studying bat coronaviruses, which ended in 2019, bringing the total to $7.4 million.Many scientists have criticized gain of function research, which involves manipulating viruses in the lab to explore their potential for infecting humans, because it creates a risk of starting a pandemic from accidental release.Dr. Fauci, in other words, helped funnel money into a program that the scientists knew was working to develop “gain-of-function” properties that could result in a global pandemic. They even collaborated with communist China to conduct the research, even though China is an enemy of humanity and has a long history of accidental releases of level-4 biohazard specimens.Engineering a weapon system to specifically attack human physiology.Part of the research Dr. Fauci funded was specifically looking for ways to make bat coronavirus strains attack humans. As Newsweek explains:A second phase of the project, beginning that year, included additional surveillance work but also gain-of-function research for the purpose of understanding how bat coronaviruses could mutate to attack humans. The project was run by EcoHealth Alliance, a non-profit research group, under the direction of President Peter Daszak, an expert on disease ecology. NIH canceled the project just this past Friday, April 24th, Politico reported.The proposal of that project specifically details how they planned to built a biological weapon that could devastate humankind:The project proposal states: “We will use S protein sequence data, infectious clone technology, in vitro and in vivo infection experiments and analysis of receptor binding to test the hypothesis that % divergence thresholds in S protein sequences predict spillover potential.”In layman’s terms, “spillover potential” refers to the ability of a virus to jump from animals to humans, which requires that the virus be able to attach to receptors in the cells of humans.In other words, this is the use of genetic engineering technology to build biological weapons that are designed and intended to exterminate human life.Hundreds of scientists called for a halt to the dangerous research, but Dr. Fauci made sure the grant money kept flowing. As Newsweek further explains:According to Richard Ebright, an infectious disease expert at Rutgers University, the project description refers to experiments that would enhance the ability of bat coronavirus to infect human cells and laboratory animals using techniques of genetic engineering. In the wake of the pandemic, that is a noteworthy detail.Ebright, along with many other scientists, has been a vocal opponent of gain-of-function research because of the risk it presents of creating a pandemic through accidental release from a lab.The work entailed risks that worried even seasoned researchers. More than 200 scientists called for the work to be halted. The problem, they said, is that it increased the likelihood that a pandemic would occur through a laboratory accident… Dr. Fauci defended the work.Dr. Fauci, it turns out, has been a key cheerleader for this “death science” research for decades. He has also been credibly accused by Dr. Judy Mikovitz and other virologists of stealing intellectual property and stifling whistleblowers who sought to expose the truth about NIH-funded research and how it threatens humanity. Hundreds of other scientists have publicly and repeatedly blasted Dr. Fauci and the NIH for their work in building weapons against humanity. Again, from Newsweek:In early 2019, after a reporter for Science magazine discovered that the NIH had approved two influenza research projects that used gain of function methods, scientists who oppose this kind of research excoriated the NIH in an editorial in the Washington Post.“We have serious doubts about whether these experiments should be conducted at all,” wrote Tom Inglesby of Johns Hopkins University and Marc Lipsitch of Harvard.At what point do we invoke the death sentence for those found guilty of building devastating weapons of mass destruction that kill the innocent?Prof. Francis Boyle has long called for the death sentence for scientists who are found guilty of engaging in research intended to build biological weapons that target human beings. That appears to be precisely what Dr. Fauci has done over a career spanning decades. It begs the obvious question: Should Dr. Fauci be criminally investigated and prosecuted for carrying out crimes against humanity? And if found guilty, should he face the death penalty? Should other scientists who knowingly collaborated on this project share the same fate?Right now, without exception, every scientist tied to the Wuhan Virology Institute and its gain-of-function research claims the Wuhan coronavirus couldn’t possibly have come from a lab. They are lying to the world, falsely claiming the insertion of gene sequences into the virus are the result of natural, zoological mutations in the wild. The reason they’re lying, of course, is because they know they are guilty of building a weapon that has already killed a quarter of a million innocent people, and they correctly fear that if the truth gets out, they may face criminal prosecutions themselves.Our society sentences murderers to death after they’ve killed a single person. What should be the consequences dealt out to those who conspired to build deadly biological weapons that indiscriminately killed hundreds of thousands of people?Is an NIH mass murderer running the White House response to the coronavirus?Frustratingly, Mr. “death science” Dr. Fauci himself appears to be in charge of the White House response to the pandemic. Trump appears to have been mesmerized by Dr. Fauci’s vaccine promises, and Dr. Fauci is being celebrated by the liberal media as a hero for humanity rather than the death science doctor he more accurately represents. (The left-wing media also celebrates communism, Mao, Castro and Stalin, by the way, so Dr. Fauci seems to be in good company when it comes to genocide and mass murder.)Is Trump throwing in with the death science industry and the NIH? So far, it appears Trump lacks the scientific knowledge to even recognize when he’s being manipulated by death science operators like Fauci. And with Trump now pushing for 300 million doses of an obviously experimental, untested coronavirus vaccine before the end of this year, it almost seems as if Dr. Fauci is setting up Trump to take the fall for a vaccine public health catastrophe that ends in mass fatalities and the end of the Trump administration after millions of Americans die from either the coronavirus or the vaccine itself (or a combination where the vaccine causes an “enhanced” immune response to subsequent infections, killing millions).It also raises the obvious question: If society feels justified in ending the life of a murderer who is found guilty of killing one person, what should be the punishment for those who use science to build murderous weapons that kill hundreds of thousands or millions of people?Even more alarmingly, this “death science” research continues to be conducted right now, via the NIH and Dr. Fauci himself. What sort of dangerous weapon of mass suffering and death will they concoct after another year or two of taxpayer-funded research? When will any of the NIH funding activities of the bioweapons industry be independently audited? At what point are scientists who build deadly bioweapons to be held accountable when their nanotechnology escapes into the wild and devastates human civilization?Watch this video from Peak Prosperity for a more detailed analysis of the Fauci “death science” industry and its war on humanity:Weapons of mass destruction, built by the pharmaceutical cartels that profit from pandemics.If such research is ever to be conducted again, shouldn’t it be limited to an orbiting space stations that’s tied to a detonation switch so that the rest of us on Earth could blow up all the orbiting scientists if they screw up and suffer a lab accident? I’d rather see a dozen bioweapons scientists burn up in the atmosphere than see another round of coronavirus devastate human society and crush our global economy.By the way, what are Dr. Fauci’s ties to vaccine manufacturers and pharma drug cartels? Isn’t he acting out of a conflicted desire to protect his own financial interests rather than prioritize what’s best for public health? It seems to me that Dr. Fauci has all the characteristics of a super villain like The Penguin from the Batman series, or possibly Doctor Octopus from the Marvel universe. He’s desperately to achieve a celebrity-like public image while secretly plotting to build weapons to exterminate human beings, all while siphoning money from the public to fund his demonic, anti-human research.It almost sounds like a comic book villain… except it’s real, and this guy is practically I think it’s time that we all demanded a criminal investigation and possible prosecution of Dr. Fauci and all the other “death science” pushers who were complicit in the funding of the gain-of-function coronavirus research in the Wuhan lab.These people belong behind bars. They are enemies of humanity and criminals whose heinous crimes span the entirety of human history. What Dr. Fauci has done to humanity ranks with the mass murders carried out by Stalin, Mao and even the Third Reich. And we will be lucky indeed if the number of coronavirus fatalities around the world somehow manages to stay under six million by the time this deadly bioengineered weapon has run its course.Dr. Fauci, you have blood on your hands. The real question is: Will the American people demand he be held accountable? Or will they stupidly declare him a “hero” for pushing vaccines that he claims will treat the very same weapon system that he helped fund and build in the first place?It’s time for America to rise up against the death science industry and demand arrests and prosecutions of all those scientists who took part in building this weapon system against humanity. By building weapons that are deliberately designed to kill and maim innocent human beings, they have forfeited their right to exist in our society.|0
No. The US Food and Drug Administration says you don’t need to wash fresh produce with soap and water, but you should rinse it with plain water.But it’s still important to wash your hands with soap and water frequently because we often touch our faces without realizing it. And that’s a very easy way for coronavirus to spread.You don’t have to worry about getting coronavirus by “eating” it, though. Even if coronavirus does get into your food, your stomach acid would kill it, said Dr. Angela Rasmussen, a virologist at Columbia University.|1
Contract tracing is a core public health function that public health agencies have done for years. Diagnostic tests can confirm whether a person is infected with an illness. Contact tracing involves finding out who the infected person had contacts with so that those individuals can be alerted that they are at a risk of developing the illness and at risk of potentially infecting others in the community.During contact tracing, the contacts of the infected person are generally called up, asked if they're feeling sick, and advised to self-quarantine for a period of time. During the quarantine period, the health of the contacts can be monitored and health care or other services could be provided to them if they do develop symptoms. Also, it is important to make sure that people who have been exposed to the illness are not circulating in the community and further spreading the disease.|1
The UK government's scientific advisers believe that the chances of dying from a coronavirus infection are between 0.5% and 1%.This is lower than the rate of death among confirmed cases - which is 4% globally in WHO figures and 5% in the UK as of March 23 - because not all infections are confirmed by testing.Each country has its own way of deciding who gets tested, so comparing case numbers or apparent death rates across countries can also be misleading.Death rates also depend on a range of factors like your age and general health, and the care you can access.What are the risks for people like me?The elderly and the unwell are more likely to die, if they contract coronavirus.Current estimates from Imperial College London are that the death rate is almost 10 times higher than average for those over 80, and much lower for those under 40.The UK government's chief medical advisor, Professor Chris Whitty, says even though the rates are higher for older people, "the great majority of older people will have a mild or moderate disease".He also warns that we should not think it's a trivial infection for younger people, pointing out that there are some young people who have ended up in intensive care.It's not just age that determines the risk of infections.In the first big analysis of more than 44,000 cases from China, deaths were at least five times more common among confirmed cases with diabetes, high blood pressure or heart or breathing problems.All of these factors interact with each other and we don't yet have a complete picture of the risk for every type of person in every location.And even though patterns in the death rates among confirmed cases can tell us who is most at risk, they can't tell us about the precise risk in any single group.The death rate in confirmed cases is not the overall death rate.Most cases of most viruses go uncounted because people tend not to visit the doctor with mild symptoms.On 17 March, the chief scientific adviser for the UK, Sir Patrick Vallance, estimated there were about 55,000 cases in the UK, when the confirmed case count was just under 2,000.Dividing deaths by 2,000 will give you a much higher death rate than dividing by 55,000.That's one of the biggest reasons why the death rates among confirmed cases are a bad estimate of the true death rates: overestimating the severity by missing cases.But you can also get it wrong in the other direction: underestimating the death rate by not taking into account those people currently infected who may eventually die.Why do death rates differ between countries?According to research by Imperial College, it's because different countries are better or worse at spotting the milder, harder to count cases.Countries use different tests for the virus, have different testing capacity and different rules for who gets tested. All of these factors change over time.The UK government plans to increase testing to 10,000 a day initially, with a goal of reaching 25,000 a day within four weeks. It currently restricts testing mainly to people in hospitals.Germany has a daily testing capacity of more than 20,000 cases and has been testing people with mild symptoms.So their counts of confirmed infections could capture different sections of the pyramid of cases shown above.The death rate among confirmed cases in Germany (less than half a per cent) is among the lowest in Europe, but is expected to rise as the mix of patients getting tested changes.Your prognosis also depends on the treatment that's available and whether the health service can deliver it.In turn, that depends on the stage of the epidemic.If a healthcare system gets swamped with cases and intensive care units can't treat people who need ventilation, then the death rate would go up.How do scientists work out the true death rate?Scientists combine individual pieces of evidence about each of these questions to build a picture of the death rate.For example, they estimate the proportion of cases with mild symptoms from small, defined groups of people who are monitored very tightly, like those on repatriated flights.But slightly different answers from these targeted pieces of evidence will add up to big changes in the overall picture.And the evidence will change over time.Paul Hunter, professor of medicine at the University of East Anglia, points out that death rates could go down as well as up."With Ebola, they came down over time as people got better at treating the disease" but they can go up too: "If a healthcare system is overrun, then we see death rates rising".So scientists give a an upper and a lower figure, as well as a best current estimate.|1
There are no drugs or other therapeutics approved by the US Food and Drug Administration to prevent or treat COVID-19. Current clinical management includes infection prevention and control measures and supportive care, including supplemental oxygen and mechanical ventilatory support when indicated. Interim guidelines for the medical management of COVID-19 will be provided soon by the Department of Health and Human Services COVID-19 Treatment Guidelines Panel. Remdesivir. Remdesivir is an investigational intravenous drug with broad antiviral activity that inhibits viral replication through premature termination of RNA transcription and has in-vitro activity against SARS-CoV-2 and in-vitro and in-vivo activity against related betacoronaviruses. Information about clinical trials of remdesivir is available at ClinicalTrials.govexternal icon. Remdesivir is also available through an expanded access programexternal icon from the manufacturer, Gilead Sciences.Hydroxychloroquine and Chloroquine. Hydroxychloroquine and chloroquine are oral prescription drugs that have been used for treatment of malaria and certain inflammatory conditions. Hydroxychloroquine and chloroquine are under investigation in clinical trials for pre-exposure or post-exposure prophylaxis of SARS-CoV-2 infection, and treatment of patients with mild, moderate, and severe COVID-19. More information on clinical trials can be found at ClinicalTrials.govexternal icon. FDA issued an Emergency Use Authorization (EUA) to authorize use of chloroquine and hydroxychloroquineexternal icon from the Strategic National Stockpile for treatment of hospitalized adults and adolescents (weight ≥50 kg) with COVID-19 for whom a clinical trial is not available or participation is not feasible. Other Drugs. Several other drugs (e.g., investigational antivirals, immunotherapeutic, host-directed therapies) are under investigation in clinical trials or are being considered for clinical trials of pre-exposure prophylaxis, post-exposure prophylaxis, or treatment of COVID-19 in the United States and worldwide. Information on registered clinical trials for COVID-19 in the United States is available at ClinicalTrials.govexternal icon. FDA has issued guidance for administering or studying use of convalescent plasma for treatmentexternal icon of patients with COVID-19.|1
Common symptoms of COVID-19 include fever, dry cough, fatigue, loss of appetite, loss of smell, and body ache. In some people, COVID-19 causes more severe symptoms like high fever, severe cough, and shortness of breath, which often indicates pneumonia.A person may have mild symptoms for about one week, then worsen rapidly. Let your doctor know if your symptoms quickly worsen over a short period of time. Also call the doctor right away if you or a loved one with COVID-19 experience any of the following emergency symptoms: trouble breathing, persistent pain or pressure in the chest, confusion or inability to arouse the person, or bluish lips or face.|1
Since the first reports of novel pneumonia (COVID-19) in Wuhan, Hubei province, China1,2, there has been considerable discussion on the origin of the causative virus, SARS-CoV-23 (also referred to as HCoV-19)4. Infections with SARS-CoV-2 are now widespread, and as of 11 March 2020, 121,564 cases have been confirmed in more than 110 countries, with 4,373 deaths5.SARS-CoV-2 is the seventh coronavirus known to infect humans; SARS-CoV, MERS-CoV and SARS-CoV-2 can cause severe disease, whereas HKU1, NL63, OC43 and 229E are associated with mild symptoms6. Here we review what can be deduced about the origin of SARS-CoV-2 from comparative analysis of genomic data. We offer a perspective on the notable features of the SARS-CoV-2 genome and discuss scenarios by which they could have arisen. Our analyses clearly show that SARS-CoV-2 is not a laboratory construct or a purposefully manipulated virus.Notable features of the SARS-CoV-2 genome.Our comparison of alpha- and betacoronaviruses identifies two notable genomic features of SARS-CoV-2: (i) on the basis of structural studies7,8,9 and biochemical experiments1,9,10, SARS-CoV-2 appears to be optimized for binding to the human receptor ACE2; and (ii) the spike protein of SARS-CoV-2 has a functional polybasic (furin) cleavage site at the S1–S2 boundary through the insertion of 12 nucleotides8, which additionally led to the predicted acquisition of three O-linked glycans around the site.Mutations in the receptor-binding domain of SARS-CoV-2.The receptor-binding domain (RBD) in the spike protein is the most variable part of the coronavirus genome1,2. Six RBD amino acids have been shown to be critical for binding to ACE2 receptors and for determining the host range of SARS-CoV-like viruses7. With coordinates based on SARS-CoV, they are Y442, L472, N479, D480, T487 and Y4911, which correspond to L455, F486, Q493, S494, N501 and Y505 in SARS-CoV-27. Five of these six residues differ between SARS-CoV-2 and SARS-CoV (Fig. 1a). On the basis of structural studies7,8,9 and biochemical experiments, SARS-CoV-2 seems to have an RBD that binds with high affinity to ACE2 from humans, ferrets, cats and other species with high receptor homology7.While the analyses above suggest that SARS-CoV-2 may bind human ACE2 with high affinity, computational analyses predict that the interaction is not ideal7 and that the RBD sequence is different from those shown in SARS-CoV to be optimal for receptor binding. Thus, the high-affinity binding of the SARS-CoV-2 spike protein to human ACE2 is most likely the result of natural selection on a human or human-like ACE2 that permits another optimal binding solution to arise. This is strong evidence that SARS-CoV-2 is not the product of purposeful manipulation.Polybasic furin cleavage site and O-linked glycans.The second notable feature of SARS-CoV-2 is a polybasic cleavage site (RRAR) at the junction of S1 and S2, the two subunits of the spike8 (Fig. 1b). This allows effective cleavage by furin and other proteases and has a role in determining viral infectivity and host range. In addition, a leading proline is also inserted at this site in SARS-CoV-2; thus, the inserted sequence is PRRA. The turn created by the proline is predicted to result in the addition of O-linked glycans to S673, T678 and S686, which flank the cleavage site and are unique to SARS-CoV-2. Polybasic cleavage sites have not been observed in related ‘lineage B’ betacoronaviruses, although other human betacoronaviruses, including HKU1 (lineage A), have those sites and predicted O-linked glycans13. Given the level of genetic variation in the spike, it is likely that SARS-CoV-2-like viruses with partial or full polybasic cleavage sites will be discovered in other species.The functional consequence of the polybasic cleavage site in SARS-CoV-2 is unknown, and it will be important to determine its impact on transmissibility and pathogenesis in animal models. Experiments with SARS-CoV have shown that insertion of a furin cleavage site at the S1–S2 junction enhances cell–cell fusion without affecting viral entry. In addition, efficient cleavage of the MERS-CoV spike enables MERS-like coronaviruses from bats to infect human cells. In avian influenza viruses, rapid replication and transmission in highly dense chicken populations selects for the acquisition of polybasic cleavage sites in the hemagglutinin (HA) protein16, which serves a function similar to that of the coronavirus spike protein. Acquisition of polybasic cleavage sites in HA, by insertion or recombination, converts low-pathogenicity avian influenza viruses into highly pathogenic forms16. The acquisition of polybasic cleavage sites by HA has also been observed after repeated passage in cell culture or through animals.The function of the predicted O-linked glycans is unclear, but they could create a ‘mucin-like domain’ that shields epitopes or key residues on the SARS-CoV-2 spike protein. Several viruses utilize mucin-like domains as glycan shields involved immunoevasion18. Although prediction of O-linked glycosylation is robust, experimental studies are needed to determine if these sites are used in SARS-CoV-2.Theories of SARS-CoV-2 origins.It is improbable that SARS-CoV-2 emerged through laboratory manipulation of a related SARS-CoV-like coronavirus. As noted above, the RBD of SARS-CoV-2 is optimized for binding to human ACE2 with an efficient solution different from those previously predicted7,11. Furthermore, if genetic manipulation had been performed, one of the several reverse-genetic systems available for betacoronaviruses would probably have been used19. However, the genetic data irrefutably show that SARS-CoV-2 is not derived from any previously used virus backbone20. Instead, we propose two scenarios that can plausibly explain the origin of SARS-CoV-2: (i) natural selection in an animal host before zoonotic transfer; and natural selection in humans following zoonotic transfer. We also discuss whether selection during passage could have given rise to SARS-CoV-2.Natural selection in an animal host before zoonotic transfer. As many early cases of COVID-19 were linked to the Huanan market in Wuhan1,2, it is possible that an animal source was present at this location. Given the similarity of SARS-CoV-2 to bat SARS-CoV-like coronaviruses2, it is likely that bats serve as reservoir hosts for its progenitor. Although RaTG13, sampled from a Rhinolophus affinis bat1, is ~96% identical overall to SARS-CoV-2, its spike diverges in the RBD, which suggests that it may not bind efficiently to human ACE27 (Fig. 1a).Malayan pangolins (Manis javanica) illegally imported into Guangdong province contain coronaviruses similar to SARS-CoV-2. Although the RaTG bat virus remains the closest to SARS-CoV-2 across the genome1, some pangolin coronaviruses exhibit strong similarity to SARS-CoV-2 in the RBD, including all six key RBD residues. This clearly shows that the SARS-CoV-2 spike protein optimized for binding to human-like ACE2 is the result of natural selection.Neither the bat betacoronaviruses nor the pangolin betacoronaviruses sampled thus far have polybasic cleavage sites. Although no animal coronavirus has been identified that is sufficiently similar to have served as the direct progenitor of SARS-CoV-2, the diversity of coronaviruses in bats and other species is massively undersampled. Mutations, insertions and deletions can occur near the S1–S2 junction of coronaviruses22, which shows that the polybasic cleavage site can arise by a natural evolutionary process. For a precursor virus to acquire both the polybasic cleavage site and mutations in the spike protein suitable for binding to human ACE2, an animal host would probably have to have a high population density (to allow natural selection to proceed efficiently) and an ACE2-encoding gene that is similar to the human ortholog. Natural selection in humans following zoonotic transfer.It is possible that a progenitor of SARS-CoV-2 jumped into humans, acquiring the genomic features described above through adaptation during undetected human-to-human transmission. Once acquired, these adaptations would enable the pandemic to take off and produce a sufficiently large cluster of cases to trigger the surveillance system that detected it.All SARS-CoV-2 genomes sequenced so far have the genomic features described above and are thus derived from a common ancestor that had them too. The presence in pangolins of an RBD very similar to that of SARS-CoV-2 means that we can infer this was also probably in the virus that jumped to humans. This leaves the insertion of polybasic cleavage site to occur during human-to-human transmission.Estimates of the timing of the most recent common ancestor of SARS-CoV-2 made with current sequence data point to emergence of the virus in late November 2019 to early December 201923, compatible with the earliest retrospectively confirmed cases24. Hence, this scenario presumes a period of unrecognized transmission in humans between the initial zoonotic event and the acquisition of the polybasic cleavage site. Sufficient opportunity could have arisen if there had been many prior zoonotic events that produced short chains of human-to-human transmission over an extended period. This is essentially the situation for MERS-CoV, for which all human cases are the result of repeated jumps of the virus from dromedary camels, producing single infections or short transmission chains that eventually resolve, with no adaptation to sustained transmission25.Studies of banked human samples could provide information on whether such cryptic spread has occurred. Retrospective serological studies could also be informative, and a few such studies have been conducted showing low-level exposures to SARS-CoV-like coronaviruses in certain areas of China26. Critically, however, these studies could not have distinguished whether exposures were due to prior infections with SARS-CoV, SARS-CoV-2 or other SARS-CoV-like coronaviruses. Further serological studies should be conducted to determine the extent of prior human exposure to SARS-CoV-2. Selection during passage.Basic research involving passage of bat SARS-CoV-like coronaviruses in cell culture and/or animal models has been ongoing for many years in biosafety level 2 laboratories across the world27, and there are documented instances of laboratory escapes of SARS-CoV28. We must therefore examine the possibility of an inadvertent laboratory release of SARS-CoV-2.In theory, it is possible that SARS-CoV-2 acquired RBD mutations (Fig. 1a) during adaptation to passage in cell culture, as has been observed in studies of SARS-CoV11. The finding of SARS-CoV-like coronaviruses from pangolins with nearly identical RBDs, however, provides a much stronger and more parsimonious explanation of how SARS-CoV-2 acquired these via recombination or mutation19.The acquisition of both the polybasic cleavage site and predicted O-linked glycans also argues against culture-based scenarios. New polybasic cleavage sites have been observed only after prolonged passage of low-pathogenicity avian influenza virus in vitro or in vivo17. Furthermore, a hypothetical generation of SARS-CoV-2 by cell culture or animal passage would have required prior isolation of a progenitor virus with very high genetic similarity, which has not been described. Subsequent generation of a polybasic cleavage site would have then required repeated passage in cell culture or animals with ACE2 receptors similar to those of humans, but such work has also not previously been described. Finally, the generation of the predicted O-linked glycans is also unlikely to have occurred due to cell-culture passage, as such features suggest the involvement of an immune system18.Conclusions.In the midst of the global COVID-19 public-health emergency, it is reasonable to wonder why the origins of the pandemic matter. Detailed understanding of how an animal virus jumped species boundaries to infect humans so productively will help in the prevention of future zoonotic events. For example, if SARS-CoV-2 pre-adapted in another animal species, then there is the risk of future re-emergence events. In contrast, if the adaptive process occurred in humans, then even if repeated zoonotic transfers occur, they are unlikely to take off without the same series of mutations. In addition, identifying the closest viral relatives of SARS-CoV-2 circulating in animals will greatly assist studies of viral function. Indeed, the availability of the RaTG13 bat sequence helped reveal key RBD mutations and the polybasic cleavage site.The genomic features described here may explain in part the infectiousness and transmissibility of SARS-CoV-2 in humans. Although the evidence shows that SARS-CoV-2 is not a purposefully manipulated virus, it is currently impossible to prove or disprove the other theories of its origin described here. However, since we observed all notable SARS-CoV-2 features, including the optimized RBD and polybasic cleavage site, in related coronaviruses in nature, we do not believe that any type of laboratory-based scenario is plausible.More scientific data could swing the balance of evidence to favor one hypothesis over another. Obtaining related viral sequences from animal sources would be the most definitive way of revealing viral origins. For example, a future observation of an intermediate or fully formed polybasic cleavage site in a SARS-CoV-2-like virus from animals would lend even further support to the natural-selection hypotheses. It would also be helpful to obtain more genetic and functional data about SARS-CoV-2, including animal studies. The identification of a potential intermediate host of SARS-CoV-2, as well as sequencing of the virus from very early cases, would similarly be highly informative. Irrespective of the exact mechanisms by which SARS-CoV-2 originated via natural selection, the ongoing surveillance of pneumonia in humans and other animals is clearly of utmost importance.|1
Coronavirus can stick to hair, said Dr. David Aronoff, director of the Division of Infectious Diseases at Vanderbilt University Medical Center.Touching contaminated hair and then touching your mouth, eyes or nose could increase your risk of infection. “Like on the skin, this coronavirus is a transient hitchhiker that can be removed by washing,” Aronoff said.But that doesn’t mean you have to wash the hair on your head multiple times a day, said dermatologist Dr. Hadley King.That’s because “living hair attached to our scalps may be better protected by our natural oils that have some antimicrobial properties and may limit how well microbes can attach to the hair,” she said.“If you are going out into areas that could possibly be contaminated with viral particles, then it would be reasonable to wash the hair daily during the pandemic. But it’s not the same as hand washing – the virus infects us through our mucosal surfaces. If your hair is not falling into your face or you’re not running your fingers through it, then there is less of a risk.”If your hair does fall into your face, you may want to pull it back to minimize your risk, King said.As for facial hair, “washing at least daily if not more frequently is wise, depending on how often they touch their face,” Aronoff said.|1
Scientists, environmental groups, doctors and citizens around the world are appealing to all governments to halt telecommunications companies’ deployment of 5G (fifth generation) wireless networks, which they call “an experiment on humanity and the environment that is defined as a crime under international law.” Research has shown that wireless radiation can cause DNA damage, neuropsychiatric effects and other health problems. RT America’s Michele Greenstein joins Rick Sanchez to discuss. it might kill you. 5G “health risks” conspiracy theory. children exposed to 5G suffered from cancer, nosebleeds and learning disabilities.Maybe this is something to consider when you’re reading headlines about how the Gates foundation is pledging money to fight the coronavirus,” she says. “Not only is it pledging money in China and in Africa to contain the virus, it’s also involved in finding a cure.|0
The southern parts of Italy and Spain are becoming the “African“ slums of Europe, where hundreds of thousands of African migrant workers live under circumstances similar to, or perhaps even worse than, the slaves who worked on US cotton farms in the the 19th century. The supermarkets are full of cheap fruits and vegetables. Most of the goods come from Spain, but Italy is also an important supplier. How can countries produce so cheaply? A video reveals catastrophic working conditions. Spain and Italy provide us, the Europeans, with cheap fruits and vegetables, oranges, mandarins, tomatoes, and cucumbers. The big supermarkets of Europe, like Aldi, REWE, Lidl,Carrefour, Albert-Hein (called Albert in Eastern European countries) dictate the prices to the companies in Spain and Italy, who are subsidized by the European Union (EU). The EU has created a slave working force in the southern countries and subsidizes the big companies there with EU tax money. It makes you wonder and explains, on the other hand, the EU migration policy. They want “new” working slaves, like in Roman times, to provide the bourgeoisie with cheap fresh food and vegetables. The work on the fruit and vegetable farms, proposed by companies and accepted by workers, is without any contract. It's also without insurance and security guarantees in the workplace. The irregular migrants (those without legal permits) are being exploited by accepting these forms of work. Because they are working without a contract, they cannot ask for a residence permit, and vice versa; on the other hand, because they cannot claim rights as workers, except in cases where physical violence is suffered, they therefore remain victims of serious labor exploitation. Almeria, the southern part of Spain, hosts the biggestslums, which are set on an arid patch of wasteland outside the small town of San Isidro. Almeria hosts the world's largest concentration of greenhouses. Covering over 31,000 hectares (76,600 acres) and visible from space, Almeria's "sea of plastic" produces roughly 3.5 million tonnes of fruit and vegetables per year. According to the regional distribution company Agrosol, 61% of Almeria's production is exported, with 99.8% bound for Europe – the Netherlands (13.55%), France (13.5%) and the UK (11.4%) being the top markets. Tomatoes: Germany (253,603,412 tonnes), the UK (145,786,239 tonnes) and the Netherlands (108,809,177 tonnes) Pepper: Germany (289,784,484 tonnes), France (117,876,979 tonnes) and the Netherlands (91,559,489 tonnes) Cucumber: Germany (176,469,357 tonnes), the Netherlands (63,069,737 tonnes) and the UK (59,003,974 tonnes). This leads to a weird situation. Whoever in the Netherlands thinks that they're eating Dutch tomatoes is tricked since it’s all from the slave market in Spain. In reality, what is referred to as Almeria's "economic miracle" among Spanish economists, is almost exclusively dependent on an invisible, expendable, illegally employed migrant worker force working under 40-degree heat and extreme humidity. They live in slums, and when they can't cope anymore, another boat of "refugees" is waiting to come ashore and replace them. Coronavirus The coronavirus is getting out of control in the EU, especially in Italy and Spain. With these two being the suppliers of nearly all our fruit and vegetables, Europe may face a shortage of these products. Since a few days ago, there are riots in Southern Italy, a bad sign for the EU's import of fruits and vegetables from the slave market. If the lockdown continues, the prices will increase. On the other hand, the harvest of asparagus and apples is in danger in Germany and the Netherlands because these EU countries are dependent on the labor force from Romania, Bulgaria, and Poland. They harvest the asparagus and apples since there are no German or Dutch workers who want to do these kinds of jobs. The EU is at its end, which is painfully clear. Like in the old Roman Empire, the Vandalen brought upheaval to the Empire and eventually it broke down. This is what we see right now. The EU countries are unable to help each other, getting help from Russia and China instead, which the EU governments try to label as propaganda. The healthcare system has broken down a long time already. They don’t have masks, no electronic fever thermometers, and are imposing martial law. When they continue with the lockdown, it will be the end of Europe as we knew it. Russia and China will rise, and more and more EU countries know that “brotherhood” is non-existent. The slave workers will move on, and Europe will face the biggest crisis that it's ever seen.|0
Social media is already filling up with misinformation about a Covid-19 vaccine, months or years before one even exists.The other night, midway through watching a clip from “Plandemic” — a documentary that went viral on social media last week, spreading baseless lies and debunked nonsense about the coronavirus to millions of Americans overnight — I had a terrifying thought:What if we get a Covid-19 vaccine and half the country refuses to take it?It occurred to me that all the misinformation we’ve seen so far — the false rumors that 5G cellphone towers fuel the coronavirus, that drinking bleach or injecting UV rays can cure it, that Dr. Anthony Fauci is part of an anti-Trump conspiracy — may be just the warm-up act for a much bigger information war when an effective vaccine becomes available to the public. This war could pit public health officials and politicians against an anti-vaccination movement that floods social media with misinformation, conspiracy theories and propaganda aimed at convincing people that the vaccine is a menace rather than a lifesaving, economy-rescuing miracle.Scariest of all? It could actually work.I’ve been following the anti-vaccine community on and off for years, watching its members operate in private Facebook groups and Instagram accounts, and have found that they are much more organized and strategic than many of their critics believe. They are savvy media manipulators, effective communicators and experienced at exploiting the weaknesses of social media platforms. (Just one example: Shortly after Facebook and YouTube began taking down copies of “Plandemic” for violating their rules, I saw people in anti-vaccine groups editing it in subtle ways to evade the platforms’ automated enforcement software and reposting it.)In short, the anti-vaxxers have been practicing for this. And I’m worried that they will be unusually effective in sowing doubts about a Covid-19 vaccine for several reasons.First, because of the pandemic’s urgency, any promising Covid-19 vaccine is likely to be fast-tracked through the testing and approval process. It may not go through years of clinical trials and careful studies of possible long-term side effects, the way other drugs do. That could create an opening for anti-vaccine activists to claim that it is untested and dangerous, and to spin reasonable concerns about the vaccine into widespread, unfounded fears about its safety.Second, if a vaccine does emerge, there is a good chance that leading health organizations like the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation or the World Health Organization will have a hand in producing or distributing it. If that’s the case, anti-vaccine activists, who have been crusading against these groups for years, will have plenty of material stockpiled to try to discredit them. They are already taking aim at Mr. Gates with baseless conspiracy theories claiming that he created and is trying to profit from the virus. These theories will be amplified, and the attempts to discredit leading virus research efforts will intensify as the vaccine nears.Third, if and when a Covid-19 vaccine is approved for widespread use, people may be required to take it before being allowed to fly on certain airlines, attend certain schools or enter certain businesses. That’s a good idea, public health-wise, but it would play into some of the worst fears of the anti-vaccine movement.Mandatory vaccination has been an especially potent talking point for anti-vaccine activists, some of whom have rebranded themselves “pro-choice” when it comes to vaccines. And years of battling states and school districts over mandatory vaccine policies have given them a playbook for creating a tangle of legal roadblocks and damaging publicity campaigns.I wanted to understand if my fears about a vaccine-related information war were valid, so I reached out to Neil Johnson and Rhys Leahy, two researchers at George Washington University. On Wednesday, their study of the online anti-vaccine movement was published in the science journal Nature.The study, which mapped the vaccine conversation on Facebook during the 2019 measles outbreak, found that there were nearly three times as many active anti-vaccination communities as pro-vaccination communities. In addition, they found that while pro-vaccine pages tended to have more followers, anti-vaccine pages were faster-growing.“We expected to find a strong core of ‘vanilla’ science — people saying that vaccines are good for you — but that’s not what we found at all,” Mr. Johnson told me. “We found a real struggle online, where the public health establishment and its supporters are almost fighting in the wrong place.”The researchers found that Facebook pages pushing accurate pro-vaccine information were mostly clustered in an insular group, while the anti-vaccine pages treated vaccine resistance as a kind of political campaign, and used different messages to reach different types of undecided “voters.” A page promoting holistic health remedies might start seeding doubts about vaccines among liberal yoga moms, while a page promoting resistance to government-mandated vaccines might appeal to conservatives and libertarians.“Public health advocacy groups tend to be monolithic, sending one message” that vaccines are safe and effective, Ms. Leahy said. “The anti-vax movement is really diverse.”There is some reason for hope. Recent surveys have suggested that most Americans would take a Covid-19 vaccine if one were available today. Even politicians who have expressed skepticism about vaccines in the past, including President Trump, are rooting for one that can prevent the disease. And some public health experts I spoke to said public pressure to end the pandemic and return to normal life might overpower anti-vaccine activism.“People are seeing the toll of Covid-19 all around,” said Kasisomayajula Viswanath, a professor of health communication at the Harvard School of Public Health. “My guess is that if there is a successful vaccine, especially in the absence of treatment, people may discount the anti-vaccine groups.”But public acceptance of a Covid-19 vaccine is far from a sure thing. And seeing platforms like Facebook and YouTube struggle to contain the spread of videos like “Plandemic” makes me worry that when the time comes to persuade billions of people to take a critical coronavirus vaccine, our public health officials and social media companies will be outgunned by a well-oiled anti-vaccine movement that has already polluted the air with misinformation and conspiracy theories.We can prevent that, but only if we start laying the groundwork before it’s too late. Organizations like the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the W.H.O. need to understand the dynamics of online anti-vaccination communities and start waging a hearts-and-minds campaign to restore faith in the medical establishment while a vaccine is being developed. Social media companies need to take the threat of vaccine-related misinformation seriously and devote tremendous resources to stopping its spread. And those of us who believe in vaccines need to realize that we may not be in the majority for long and do everything we can to reach the people in our lives who might be susceptible to anti-vaccine propaganda.To recover from this pandemic, we need to mobilize a pro-vaccine movement that is as devoted, as internet-savvy and as compelling as the anti-vaccine movement is for its adherents. We need to do it quickly, with all the creativity and urgency of the scientists who are developing the vaccine itself. Millions of lives and trillions of dollars in economic activity may depend not just on producing a vaccine, but on persuading people to accept it.|1
As cases of covid-19, the disease caused by the novel coronavirus, rapidly increase in the United States and other parts of the world, epidemiologists and other researchers are urgently trying to learn more about the pathogen involved. One question that some virus specialists, and some meteorologists, are asking is whether there may be a seasonal aspect to this outbreak.In other words, is this more like the flu, which has a distinct winter peak in the United States and Europe and then ebbs for the spring and summer? Or is this here to stay at a high level of spread throughout the warm season?A new study, which has not yet been peer-reviewed, shows that the novel coronavirus has been spreading most readily along an east-west band of the globe where the average temperatures are between 41 and 52 degrees and average humidity levels are between about 50 and 80 percent.The study, by researchers at the University of Maryland’s School of Medicine and in the Middle East, hypothesizes that the most at-risk cities in the coming weeks could lie just north of the region that has been most heavily affected to date as milder temperatures gradually move north.However, that assumes that the correlation with weather does in fact reveal something fundamental about the new coronavirus’s transmission, which is highly uncertain.“Although the current correlations with latitude and temperature seem strong, a direct causation has not been proven and predictions in the near-term are speculative and have to be considered with extreme caution,” the paper states.Mohammad Sajadi, a study co-author and a professor at the University of Maryland’s Institute of Human Virology, said the hypothesis that this virus exhibits a seasonality is based in part on the behavior of other respiratory viruses in temperate climates, as well as the lack of major covid-19 outbreaks in countries south of China, where travel patterns suggested the potential for large-scale spread.“Any time you’re dealing with a transmission event, there can be many potential variables, but sometimes one or [a] few variables are key,” Sajadi said via email. “We hypothesize that average temperature is one of them. The main takeaway from the study, and the reason we are disclosing it early, is that, if validated by the scientific community, it would be potentially useful in ongoing surveillance efforts.”Judging by how the virus may have responded to temperatures so far, the study suggests areas just north of its current zone may be most vulnerable through April, including over the Midwest and Northeast United States, Central Asia, Eastern and Central Europe, and the British Isles. After that, it may find more of a foothold farther north in less-populated areas.However, the study does not take into account other factors that could be affecting the spread of the virus, such as climate variables beyond average temperature and humidity, including sunlight, as well as human behavior, population density, policy interventions to halt the spread of the virus and characteristics of the virus itself.Separately, Jupiter, a company that predicts risks from severe weather and climate change, has been analyzing transmission rates of the coronavirus in recent weeks and trying to find relationships with temperature. Jupiter chief executive Rich Sorkin has found some evidence that transmission rates are highest in countries with recent maximum temperatures below 68 degrees.Outside of China, all countries with high daily growth rates of the virus, above 50 percent (compounded over the past five days), had maximum temperatures below 68 degrees, Sorkin said. Of 18 countries that had substantially lower growth rates, between 0 and 20 percent, most (14) had maximum temperatures above 68 degrees.Sorkin cautioned that growth rates, however, were probably influenced by multiple factors, not just temperature, including importation of cases from infected countries, public health policies and infrastructure.Epidemiologists urge extreme caution: This virus may be with us throughout the warm season. Epidemiologists warn that so little is known about this coronavirus that it’s impossible to predict the course of the epidemic on the basis of weather or climate factors alone, and in fact, available evidence suggests that the virus can spread easily in warmer climates, such as Singapore’s.David Heymann, a professor at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, said there are two main reasons the coronavirus could exhibit some seasonality. One has more to do with human behavior, because people tend not to be in confined spaces for extended periods during the summer. This could somewhat hinder the spread of the virus.The other reason, which is more of an unknown right now, has to do with the virus itself, specifically its transmissibility in different seasons.“No one knows” the transmission characteristics of this virus, Heymann said in an interview. “Certainly out here in Singapore, it transmits without any problem.” Singapore has had active community spread of the virus, but the government implemented policies including social distancing to stem the outbreak, with apparent success.Heymann said no one has yet shown a seasonality to the coronavirus that is due to characteristics of the virus itself.Studies have shown that the common flu virus has a seasonal aspect in the northern mid-latitudes, tied to humidity levels and temperature, among a number of variables. However, Heymann said that does not mean the spread of the novel coronavirus also will decline by early summer.“The one thing that’s clear is that this, at present, is not showing the same characteristics of influenza,” he said. In general, however, Heymann said, respiratory infections do tend to decline in the summer, but that there has not been a proven seasonality involved with two other major coronaviruses: SARS and MERS.In a preprint of a study published on the medRxiv website that is pending peer review, a group of researchers, including the epidemiologist Marc Lipsitch of Harvard’s T.H. Chan School of Public Health, examined the coronavirus outbreak when it was mostly limited to China. They found that it exhibited the potential for sustained transmission and exponential growth rates across a range of temperature and humidity levels in China, from tropical areas to cold and dry sections.Coronavirus may have a seasonal cycle, but that doesn’t mean it will go away this summer, experts warn. Seasonality, explained: What warm weather could mean for the novel coronavirus.President Trump has said warm weather could slow the spread of the novel coronavirus, but experts explain it's too early to know if the virus is seasonal. As cases of covid-19, the disease caused by the novel coronavirus, rapidly increase in the United States and other parts of the world, epidemiologists and other researchers are urgently trying to learn more about the pathogen involved. One question that some virus specialists, and some meteorologists, are asking is whether there may be a seasonal aspect to this outbreak.In other words, is this more like the flu, which has a distinct winter peak in the United States and Europe and then ebbs for the spring and summer? Or is this here to stay at a high level of spread throughout the warm season.A new study, which has not yet been peer-reviewed, shows that the novel coronavirus has been spreading most readily along an east-west band of the globe where the average temperatures are between 41 and 52 degrees and average humidity levels are between about 50 and 80 percent.The study, by researchers at the University of Maryland’s School of Medicine and in the Middle East, hypothesizes that the most at-risk cities in the coming weeks could lie just north of the region that has been most heavily affected to date as milder temperatures gradually move north.However, that assumes that the correlation with weather does in fact reveal something fundamental about the new coronavirus’s transmission, which is highly uncertain.“Although the current correlations with latitude and temperature seem strong, a direct causation has not been proven and predictions in the near-term are speculative and have to be considered with extreme caution,” the paper states.Mohammad Sajadi, a study co-author and a professor at the University of Maryland’s Institute of Human Virology, said the hypothesis that this virus exhibits a seasonality is based in part on the behavior of other respiratory viruses in temperate climates, as well as the lack of major covid-19 outbreaks in countries south of China, where travel patterns suggested the potential for large-scale spread.“Any time you’re dealing with a transmission event, there can be many potential variables, but sometimes one or [a] few variables are key,” Sajadi said via email. “We hypothesize that average temperature is one of them. The main takeaway from the study, and the reason we are disclosing it early, is that, if validated by the scientific community, it would be potentially useful in ongoing surveillance efforts.”Judging by how the virus may have responded to temperatures so far, the study suggests areas just north of its current zone may be most vulnerable through April, including over the Midwest and Northeast United States, Central Asia, Eastern and Central Europe, and the British Isles. After that, it may find more of a foothold farther north in less-populated areas.However, the study does not take into account other factors that could be affecting the spread of the virus, such as climate variables beyond average temperature and humidity, including sunlight, as well as human behavior, population density, policy interventions to halt the spread of the virus and characteristics of the virus itself.Separately, Jupiter, a company that predicts risks from severe weather and climate change, has been analyzing transmission rates of the coronavirus in recent weeks and trying to find relationships with temperature. Jupiter chief executive Rich Sorkin has found some evidence that transmission rates are highest in countries with recent maximum temperatures below 68 degrees.Outside of China, all countries with high daily growth rates of the virus, above 50 percent (compounded over the past five days), had maximum temperatures below 68 degrees, Sorkin said. Of 18 countries that had substantially lower growth rates, between 0 and 20 percent, most (14) had maximum temperatures above 68 degrees.Sorkin cautioned that growth rates, however, were probably influenced by multiple factors, not just temperature, including importation of cases from infected countries, public health policies and infrastructure.Epidemiologists urge extreme caution: This virus may be with us throughout the warm season. A thermal scanning checkpoint at the entrance to a park in Singapore on Friday serves as a preventive measure against the novel coronavirus.Epidemiologists warn that so little is known about this coronavirus that it’s impossible to predict the course of the epidemic on the basis of weather or climate factors alone, and in fact, available evidence suggests that the virus can spread easily in warmer climates, such as Singapore’s.David Heymann, a professor at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, said there are two main reasons the coronavirus could exhibit some seasonality. One has more to do with human behavior, because people tend not to be in confined spaces for extended periods during the summer. This could somewhat hinder the spread of the virus.The other reason, which is more of an unknown right now, has to do with the virus itself, specifically its transmissibility in different seasons.[Social distancing could buy U.S. valuable time against coronavirus], “No one knows” the transmission characteristics of this virus, Heymann said in an interview. “Certainly out here in Singapore, it transmits without any problem.” Singapore has had active community spread of the virus, but the government implemented policies including social distancing to stem the outbreak, with apparent success.Heymann said no one has yet shown a seasonality to the coronavirus that is due to characteristics of the virus itself.Studies have shown that the common flu virus has a seasonal aspect in the northern mid-latitudes, tied to humidity levels and temperature, among a number of variables. However, Heymann said that does not mean the spread of the novel coronavirus also will decline by early summer.“The one thing that’s clear is that this, at present, is not showing the same characteristics of influenza,” he said. In general, however, Heymann said, respiratory infections do tend to decline in the summer, but that there has not been a proven seasonality involved with two other major coronaviruses: SARS and MERS.In a preprint of a study published on the medRxiv website that is pending peer review, a group of researchers, including the epidemiologist Marc Lipsitch of Harvard’s T.H. Chan School of Public Health, examined the coronavirus outbreak when it was mostly limited to China. They found that it exhibited the potential for sustained transmission and exponential growth rates across a range of temperature and humidity levels in China, from tropical areas to cold and dry sections.“Our results suggest that changes in weather alone (i.e., increase of temperature and humidity as spring and summer months arrive in the North Hemisphere) will not necessarily lead to declines in case counts without the implementation of extensive public health interventions,” the study concludes.Jeffrey Shaman, the director of the climate and health program at Columbia University’s Mailman School of Public Health, said that the novel coronavirus may exhibit a seasonality but that this is far from clear.“Given that it is a newly emerged virus to which most of the world is susceptible, I don’t think it will abate in April. Rather, it might ramp down in the U.S. in late May or June,” he said via email. “A similar pattern has been observed with pandemic influenza. Due to high susceptibility, the pandemic virus continues to circulate through late May or June, is limited in summer, and ramps up again in September.”But whether this new coronavirus exhibits such seasonality is far from guaranteed, Shaman said. “It may just continue through summer unabated,” he said.|1
In our ongoing coverage of hydroxychloroquine and how doctors have successfully used the malaria drug to treat coronavirus (COVID-19) patients, we now have new updates from Dr. Vladimir Zelenko. On March 28, we published a follow-up story after Dr. Zelenko, a board-certified family practitioner in New York, treated 699 coronavirus patients with 100% success using Hydroxychloroquine, Zinc Sulfate,  and azithromycin (Z-Pak).Dr. Zelenko, who goes by Zev, said his week has been filled with calls from media and health officials from countries including Israel, Ukraine and Russia, all seeking information about his treatment. Some world leaders, including Brazil’s president, Jair Bolsonaro, are also talking up some of the same drugs as a cure.Now, we have the third update from Dr. Zelenko. In an exclusive interview with Gregory Rigano, Dr Asher Holzer and Dr Guy Setbon, Dr. Zelenko said he has now treated 700 coronavirus patients with 99.9% success rate using Hydroxychloroquine, Zinc Sulfate and azithromycin (Z-Pak). 694 patients recovered without hospitalization, 6 required hospitalization. Of the 6 patients that required hospitalization, 1 extubated, 1 intubated, 2 Pneumonia patients went home, and 1 outpatient died after choosing not to follow protocol.|0
The situation is changing by the hour, so your best bet is to regularly check your state and local public health department websites for recommendations, Dr. O’Leary said.But as of now, the general advice is to practice social distancing, Dr. Hotez said, which means sticking close to home and avoiding large groups of people. On March 16, the Trump administration announced new guidelines to help stop the spread of the new coronavirus, which included closing schools that were still open and avoiding bars, food courts, restaurants and groups of more than 10 people.You can’t be sure that popular public spaces like playgrounds are risk-free — the virus is estimated to survive on metal, glass and plastic surfaces for anywhere from 2 hours to nine days. New York City, for example, does not regularly clean outdoor furniture and play equipment, said Meghan Lalor, director of media relations at the New York City Department of Parks and Recreation. “We have not yet committed to changing our standard operations due to coronavirus, but we will continue to monitor the situation as it develops,” she said. On March 17, all New York City “recreation centers and nature centers are closed to the public until further notice,” Lalor said, though city parks and playgrounds remain open.At this point, some communities are closing their playgrounds; considering school is out and we don’t want children congregating all together, Dr. O’Leary said playgrounds are “probably not the safest place right now.” For city dwellers, he recommended going to big, wide-open parks when available, where kids can stay practice physical distancing and not touch equipment. Remember there are other options for solo outdoor play, like riding on a scooter or a bike. There are also options for indoor movement — for example, there are kids’ yoga videos all over YouTube that you and your family can enjoy together.As always, encourage hand washing when children come in from outside and before and after meals. Kids should sing “Happy Birthday” twice to know how long to wash their hands, and then make sure they are drying them thoroughly. There’s some evidence that paper towels are more hygienic than hand dryers in public bathrooms. Hand washing is also more effective than hand sanitizer, though hand sanitizer can be used when hand washing is not an option.|1
While the flu shot won't protect you from developing COVID-19, it's still a good idea. Most people older than six months can and should get the flu vaccine. Doing so reduces the chances of getting seasonal flu. Even if the vaccine doesn't prevent you from getting the flu, it can decrease the chance of severe symptoms. But again, the flu vaccine will not protect you against this coronavirus.|1
You've read about people self-quarantining, social distancing, or isolating themselves during the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic. You may be confused about the various terms and wonder what you should be doing.These terms describe approaches for limiting the spread of disease during epidemics and pandemics:Social distancing. Keeping space between yourself and other people outside your household to prevent the spread of disease.Quarantine. Separating people and limiting movement of people who have or may have been exposed to the disease to see if they become ill.Isolation. Separating people who are ill from others to keep the disease from spreading.Social distancing.You're likely practicing social distancing if there's ongoing community spread of COVID-19 where you live. For example, you're likely keeping social distance by staying at least 6 feet (2 meters) away from others outside your home and avoiding large groups. Follow specific social distancing guidelines from the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), World Health Organization (WHO) and your local health department.Quarantine.Doctors or local health departments may ask or require people to go into quarantine who've recently had close contact with someone with COVID-19, who might have been exposed to COVID-19, or who've recently traveled from a place with ongoing community spread. Quarantine can mean staying at a specific facility or staying at home. People who don't develop symptoms of COVID-19 after the quarantine period ends are released.If you're quarantining at home because you might have been exposed to COVID-19, the CDC recommends that you monitor yourself as follows:Watch for common signs and symptoms, such as fever, cough or shortness of breath.Keep distance (6 feet, or 2 meters) between yourself and others.If you develop symptoms, check your temperature.Isolate yourself at home if you feel ill.Call your doctor if symptoms worsen.In addition to these measures, if you've recently had close contact with someone with COVID-19, or recently traveled from or lived in an area with ongoing community spread of COVID-19, the CDC has these quarantine recommendations:Check your temperature two times a day.Stay home for 14 days.Stay away from other people as much as possible, especially people at high risk of serious illness.Isolation.Doctors or local health departments may take special isolation precautions for coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19), asking or requiring people who have or think they might have COVID-19 to go into isolation. Hospitals have isolation units for this purpose for very ill people. But doctors may advise many people with mild symptoms of COVID-19 to isolate at home.During home isolation, you'll need to stay away from family members to keep them from getting the infection. Avoid sharing dishes, glasses, bedding and other household items. Use a separate bedroom and bathroom if possible. If your symptoms get worse, contact your doctor for medical advice. Follow recommendations from your doctor and local health department about when you can end isolation. These measures can help limit the spread of COVID-19.|1
Australian researchers have found a smorgasbord of COVID-19-related medicines such as the much hyped anti-malarial drug hydroxychloroquine, for sale on the dark web.The shadowy "dark web" online network is being used to peddle a range of fake vaccines and repurposed drugs that cyber criminals claim can treat coronavirus. Researchers at the Australian National University have published a new study revealing how cyber criminals are taking advantage of the pandemic to sell a range of purported vaccines as well as drugs marketed as cures for the virus.Report author Roderic Broadhurst said the dark web - a hidden network of websites only accessible through special routing software - gave a revealing glimpse into criminal trends. “Dark net markets give us a useful window into what sort of trends in criminal entrepreneurial enterprise are happening and ... to get ahead of the game so to speak," he said."These kinds of markets are prone to scams and fakes and what we have seen is COVID-19-related products are unlikely to be exempt." The research was captured over one day in April, analysing 645 listings across 20 dark net markets.It uncovered 12 of those markets had posted coronavirus-related products.Almost half of those listings were personal protective gear such as surgical masks and a third of the items available were anti-viral or repurposed medications that have been publicly touted as being possible cures for the virus.Six per cent of the listings sold fraudulent or untested vaccines, with the most expensive vaccine listed at $24,598 and the average cost at $575. The majority of the sellers were shipping from the United States or Europe. "Our concern is that the next frontier could be blood plasma from recovered patients turning up on the dark web. We didn't find such listings but there is already demand for it in forums," Professor Broadhurst said. Convalescent plasma therapy, which involves taking blood from a patient who has made a full recovery from the coronavirus, is one of several emerging but unproven therapies. Major health risks. Dr Harry Nespolon, the president of the Royal Australian College of GPs, strongly urged people not to purchase therapies or vaccines on the dark web. "The only thing that we know that works against COVID-19 at the moment is social distancing and anti-viral activity such as coughing into your elbow, regularly watching your hands," he said. "When it comes to medications, we know a lot of the medications sourced through unofficial channels are fake. And as of today, they all don't work."When it comes to vaccines, we know that there are no vaccines available for COVID-19 and even if there was, vaccines need to be kept refrigerated, so having them delivered by posts, even if there was one, would mean that it probably was ineffective." The Australian Health Protection Principal Committee - the peak body that manages health emergencies - has previously stated that experimental use of medications such as anti-malarial drugs for COVID-19 treatment was not recommended, and should only be prescribed as part of a clinical trial. Australian mining magnate Clive Palmer this week advertised that he had bought 33 million doses of the anti-malarial drug, hydroxychloroquine.The report's authors cautioned that fake vaccines could worsen the spread of the virus because users could behave as if they were immune but nevertheless become infected. |1
There is no evidence yet that SARS-CoV-2, the virus that causes COVID-19, can gain entrance through the eye. However, there are now reports of the virus being present in tears and on the surface of the eye. While most of those patients were very ill, it is likely that the surface of the eye and its tears may contain virus and it’s best to avoid touching the eye or tears of any potential patient.While we do not yet have any direct evidence that the virus is infectious if it touches the eye, we must assume that it is a possibility. As the general precautions all stress, anyone who touches someone who may be infected (or something they may have touched) should wash their hands immediately, and refrain from touching their own face (which would include the mouth and nose—known sites of infection—as well as the eyes).Alfred Sommer, MD, MHS, is a professor of Ophthalmology and Epidemiology and Dean Emeritus of the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health. |1
China is partly back to normal, so why drive people to suicide or hunt them like criminals? Because it’s not about the virus anymore, but about power.|0
At an emergency meeting in Beijing held last Friday, Chinese leader Xi Jinping spoke about the need to contain the coronavirus and set up a system to prevent similar epidemics in the future.A national system to control biosecurity risks must be put in place “to protect the people’s health,” Xi said, because lab safety is a “national security” issue.Xi didn’t actually admit that the coronavirus now devastating large swathes of China had escaped from one of the country’s bioresearch labs. But the very next day, evidence emerged suggesting that this is exactly what happened, as the Chinese Ministry of Science and Technology released a new directive entitled: “Instructions on strengthening biosecurity management in microbiology labs that handle advanced viruses like the novel coronavirus.”Read that again. It sure sounds like China has a problem keeping dangerous pathogens in test tubes where they belong, doesn’t it? And just how many “microbiology labs” are there in China that handle “advanced viruses like the novel coronavirus”?It turns out that in all of China there is only one. And this one is located in the Chinese city of Wuhan that just happens to be . . . the epicenter of the epidemic.That’s right. China’s only Level 4 microbiology lab that is equipped to handle deadly coronaviruses, called the National Biosafety Laboratory, is part of the Wuhan Institute of Virology.What’s more, the People’s Liberation Army’s top expert in biological warfare, a Maj. Gen. Chen Wei, was dispatched to Wuhan at the end of January to help with the effort to contain the outbreak.According to the PLA Daily, Gen. Chen has been researching coronaviruses since the SARS outbreak of 2003, as well as Ebola and anthrax. This would not be her first trip to the Wuhan Institute of Virology either, since it is one of only two bioweapons research labs in all of China.Does that suggest to you that the novel coronavirus, now known as SARS-CoV-2, may have escaped from that very lab, and that Gen. Chen’s job is to try and put the genie back in the bottle, as it were? It does to me.Add to this China’s history of similar incidents. Even the deadly SARS virus has escaped — twice — from the Beijing lab where it was — and probably is — being used in experiments. Both “man-made” epidemics were quickly contained, but neither would have happened at all if proper safety precautions had been taken.And then there is this little-known fact: Some Chinese researchers are in the habit of selling their laboratory animals to street vendors after they have finished experimenting on them.You heard me right.Instead of properly disposing of infected animals by cremation, as the law requires, they sell them on the side to make a little extra cash. Or, in some cases, a lot of extra cash. One Beijing researcher, now in jail, made a million dollars selling his monkeys and rats on the live animal market, where they eventually wound up in someone’s stomach.Also fueling suspicions about SARS-CoV-2’s origins is the series of increasingly lame excuses offered by the Chinese authorities as people began to sicken and die.They first blamed a seafood market not far from the Institute of Virology, even though the first documented cases of Covid-19 (the illness caused by SARS-CoV-2) involved people who had never set foot there. Then they pointed to snakes, bats and even a cute little scaly anteater called a pangolin as the source of the virus.I don’t buy any of this. It turns out that snakes don’t carry coronaviruses and that bats aren’t sold at a seafood market. Neither are pangolins, for that matter, an endangered species valued for their scales as much as for their meat.The evidence points to SARS-CoV-2 research being carried out at the Wuhan Institute of Virology. The virus may have been carried out of the lab by an infected worker or crossed over into humans when they unknowingly dined on a lab animal. Whatever the vector, Beijing authorities are now clearly scrambling to correct the serious problems with the way their labs handle deadly pathogens.China has unleashed a plague on its own people. It’s too early to say how many in China and other countries will ultimately die for the failures of their country’s state-run microbiology labs, but the human cost will be high.But not to worry. Xi has assured us that he is controlling biosecurity risks “to protect the people’s health.” PLA bioweapons experts are in charge.I doubt the Chinese people will find that very reassuring. Neither should we.|0
European health officials sought to tamp down the blame game in Italy.European health authorities are playing down the idea that Italy did anything wrong amid domestic finger-pointing about the country’s coronavirus outbreak.Italy has the continent’s worst cluster of COVID-19 cases. As of midday Wednesday, 374 people have been diagnosed, with the death toll up to 12. The government has banned the export of personal protective equipment without prior authorization from the civil protection department.“It could have happened anywhere,” said Andrea Ammon, chief of the European Centre for Disease Control and Prevention, whose experts are on the ground in Italy studying the outbreak.“Our assessment is that we will likely see similar situations in other countries in Europe,” she said during a press conference Wednesday with top officials from the European Commission and World Health Organization.As commerce in Italy’s northern regions shuts down, politicians have been sniping at one another over the response. Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte, for example, accused a hospital in Lombardy of dropping the ball on protocol and suggested earlier this week that the authority of Italian regions to run their own health systems should be revoked.“We should not indulge in any blame game here,” said Italian Health Minister Roberto Speranza at the Wednesday press conference. He stressed the need for regions to coordinate.That coordination also needs to happen among EU member countries, said European Health Commissioner Stella Kyriakides. She called the coronavirus outbreak a “test case” for emergency response globally and for “our cooperation within the EU.”Italian officers patrol a checkpoint at an entrance to the small town of Zorlesco, Italy’s coronavirus outbreak ‘could have happened anywhere’. European health officials sought to tamp down the blame game in Italy.European health authorities are playing down the idea that Italy did anything wrong amid domestic finger-pointing about the country’s coronavirus outbreak.Italy has the continent’s worst cluster of COVID-19 cases. As of midday Wednesday, 374 people have been diagnosed, with the death toll up to 12. The government has banned the export of personal protective equipment without prior authorization from the civil protection department.“It could have happened anywhere,” said Andrea Ammon, chief of the European Centre for Disease Control and Prevention, whose experts are on the ground in Italy studying the outbreak.“Our assessment is that we will likely see similar situations in other countries in Europe,” she said during a press conference Wednesday with top officials from the European Commission and World Health Organization.As commerce in Italy’s northern regions shuts down, politicians have been sniping at one another over the response. Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte, for example, accused a hospital in Lombardy of dropping the ball on protocol and suggested earlier this week that the authority of Italian regions to run their own health systems should be revoked.Only about five percent of coronavirus cases require serious treatment, like ventilation to support breathing — and only 1 or 2 percent of those infected die of the disease.“We should not indulge in any blame game here,” said Italian Health Minister Roberto Speranza at the Wednesday press conference. He stressed the need for regions to coordinate.That coordination also needs to happen among EU member countries, said European Health Commissioner Stella Kyriakides. She called the coronavirus outbreak a “test case” for emergency response globally and for “our cooperation within the EU.”ALSO ON POLITICO. Politics goes viral as Italy struggles with outbreak. SILVIA SCIORILLI BORRELLI. ALSO ON POLITICO. Parliament delays Italian trainees for 7 months over coronavirus fears. GIORGIO LEALI. On Tuesday, national health ministers from countries around Italy coalesced around the need for a common response to the outbreak. According to a set of conclusions viewed by POLITICO, they agreed that closing borders would be “a disproportionate and ineffective measure at this time.”They also agreed “in general not to cancel a priori major events” but rather on a case-by-case basis. Furthermore, the ministers called for standardized information to be provided to professionals and the public, “including possible common information at the borders.”As a follow-up to the Tuesday meeting, Kyriakides said on Wednesday that the Commission will draw up “model information for travelers coming back from risk areas or traveling to them."Meanwhile, France confirmed on Wednesday the first death of a French national. Greece confirmed its first infection case, a 38-year-old Greek woman returning from Northern Italy. The number of confirmed cases also went up by a few in Spain, Germany and France.However, at the Rome press conference, the head of the WHO’s European Region, Hans Kluge, said there’s “no need for panic.”Kluge noted that four out of five cases result in mild symptoms at most. Only about five percent of cases require serious treatment, like ventilation to support breathing — and only 1 or 2 percent of those infected die of the disease, mostly people over 65 with weakened immune systems.|1
Bill Gates is launching implantable chips which will be used to show whether a person has been tested and vaccinated for Corona. These microchips will dissolve under the skin, leaving identification 'quantum dots'. These implants and can also be used as a form of ID.|0
Do not under any circumstance spray or introduce bleach or any other disinfectant into your body. These substances can be poisonous if ingested and cause irritation and damage to your skin and eyes.Bleach and disinfectant should be used carefully to disinfect surfaces only. Remember to keep chlorine (bleach) and other disinfectants out of reach of children.|1
No. Hand dryers are not effective in killing the 2019-nCoV. To protect yourself against the new coronavirus, you should frequently clean your hands with an alcohol-based hand rub or wash them with soap and water. Once your hands are cleaned, you should dry them thoroughly by using paper towels or a warm air dryer|1
the tragic death of Kobe Bryant and his daughter in a helicopter crash was in fact an Illuminati blood sacrifice ahead of a mass murder plot – i.e. coronavirus – that would allow the cult to introduce a dangerous new vaccine.the scientifically-baseless conspiracy theory that 5G is linked to coronavirus and talks about coronavirus-related disinformation peddled by QAnon, a far-right conspiracy theory alleging a “deep state” plot against US president Donald Trump.|0
OMNS January 26, 2020) The coronavirus pandemic can be dramatically slowed, or stopped, with the immediate widespread use of high doses of vitamin C. Physicians have demonstrated the powerful antiviral action of vitamin C for decades. There has been a lack of media coverage of this effective and successful approach against viruses in general, and coronavirus in particular. It is very important to maximize the body’s anti-oxidative capacity and natural immunity to prevent and minimize symptoms when a virus attacks the human body. The host environment is crucial. Preventing is obviously easier than treating severe illness. But treat serious illness seriously. Do not hesitate to seek medical attention. It is not an either-or choice. Vitamin C can be used right along with medicines when they are indicated. “I have not seen any flu yet that was not cured or markedly ameliorated by massive doses of vitamin C.” (Robert F. Cathcart, MD). The physicians of the Orthomolecular Medicine News Service and the International Society for Orthomolecular Medicine urge a nutrient-based method to prevent or minimize symptoms for future viral infection. The following inexpensive supplemental levels are recommended for adults; for children reduce these in proportion to body weight: Vitamin C: 3,000 milligrams (or more) daily, in divided doses. Vitamin D3: 2,000 International Units daily. (Start with 5,000 IU/day for two weeks, then reduce to 2,000) Magnesium: 400 mg daily (in citrate, malate, chelate, or chloride form) Zinc: 20 mg daily Selenium: 100 mcg (micrograms) daily Vitamin C, Vitamin D, magnesium, zinc, and selenium, have been shown to strengthen the immune system against viruses. The basis for using high doses of vitamin C to prevent and combat virus-caused illness may be traced back to vitamin C’s early success against polio, first reported in the late 1940s.[6] Many people are unaware, even surprised, to learn this. Further clinical evidence built up over the decades, leading to an anti-virus protocol published in 1980. It is important to remember that preventing and treating respiratory infections with large amounts of vitamin C is well established. Those who believe that vitamin C generally has merit, but massive doses are ineffective or somehow harmful, will do well to read the original papers for themselves. To dismiss the work of these doctors simply because they had success so long ago sidesteps a more important question: Why has the benefit of their clinical experience not been presented to the public by responsible governmental authorities, especially in the face of a viral pandemic?. Read the full press release at Orthomolecular.com|0
In December, 2019, the newly identified severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) emerged in Wuhan, China, causing COVID-19, a respiratory disease presenting with fever, cough, and often pneumonia. WHO has set the strategic objective to interrupt spread of SARS-CoV-2 worldwide. An outbreak in Bavaria, Germany, starting at the end of January, 2020, provided the opportunity to study transmission events, incubation period, and secondary attack rates.Methods.A case was defined as a person with SARS-CoV-2 infection confirmed by RT-PCR. Case interviews were done to describe timing of onset and nature of symptoms and to identify and classify contacts as high risk (had cumulative face-to-face contact with a confirmed case for ≥15 min, direct contact with secretions or body fluids of a patient with confirmed COVID-19, or, in the case of health-care workers, had worked within 2 m of a patient with confirmed COVID-19 without personal protective equipment) or low risk (all other contacts). High-risk contacts were ordered to stay at home in quarantine for 14 days and were actively followed up and monitored for symptoms, and low-risk contacts were tested upon self-reporting of symptoms. We defined fever and cough as specific symptoms, and defined a prodromal phase as the presence of non-specific symptoms for at least 1 day before the onset of specific symptoms. Whole genome sequencing was used to confirm epidemiological links and clarify transmission events where contact histories were ambiguous; integration with epidemiological data enabled precise reconstruction of exposure events and incubation periods. Secondary attack rates were calculated as the number of cases divided by the number of contacts, using Fisher's exact test for the 95% CIs.Patient 0 was a Chinese resident who visited Germany for professional reasons. 16 subsequent cases, often with mild and non-specific symptoms, emerged in four transmission generations. Signature mutations in the viral genome occurred upon foundation of generation 2, as well as in one case pertaining to generation 4. The median incubation period was 4·0 days (IQR 2·3–4·3) and the median serial interval was 4·0 days (3·0–5·0). Transmission events were likely to have occurred presymptomatically for one case (possibly five more), at the day of symptom onset for four cases (possibly five more), and the remainder after the day of symptom onset or unknown. One or two cases resulted from contact with a case during the prodromal phase. Secondary attack rates were 75·0% (95% CI 19·0–99·0; three of four people) among members of a household cluster in common isolation, 10·0% (1·2–32·0; two of 20) among household contacts only together until isolation of the patient, and 5·1% (2·6–8·9; 11 of 217) among non-household, high-risk contacts.Although patients in our study presented with predominately mild, non-specific symptoms, infectiousness before or on the day of symptom onset was substantial. Additionally, the incubation period was often very short and false-negative tests occurred. These results suggest that although the outbreak was controlled, successful long-term and global containment of COVID-19 could be difficult to achieve.|1
Wuhan, the capital of Hubei province in China, was chosen to be China’s first 5G “smart city” and the location of China’s first smart 5G highway. Wuhan is also the center of the horrendous coronavirus epidemic. The possible linkage between these two events was first discussed in an Oct. 31, 2019 article entitled: “Wuhan was the province where 5G was rolled out, now the center of deadly virus” https://5g-emf.com/wuhan-was-the-province-where-5g-was-rolled-out-now-the-center-of-deadly-virus. The question that is being raised here is not whether 5G is responsible for the virus, but rather whether 5G radiation, acting via VGCC activation may be exacerbating the viral replication or the spread or lethality of the disease.  Let’s backtrack and look at the recent history of 5G in Wuhan in order to get some perspective on those questions.  An Asia Times article, dated Feb. 12, 2019 (https://www.asiatimes.com/2019/02/article/china-to-launch-first-5g-smart-highway) stated that there were 31 different 5G base stations (that is antennae) in Wuhan at the end of 2018. There were plans developed later such that approximately 10,000 5G antennae would be in place at the end of 2019, with most of those being on 5G LED smart street lamps.  The first such smart street lamp was put in place on May 14, 2019 (www.china.org.cn/china/2019-05/14/content_74783676.htm), but large numbers only started being put in place in October, 2019, such that there was a furious pace of such placement in the last 2 ½ months of 2019.  These findings show that the rapid pace of the coronavirus epidemic developed at least roughly as the number of 5G antennae became extraordinarily high.  So we have this finding that China’s 1st 5G smart city and smart highway is the epicenter of this epidemic and this finding that the epidemic only became rapidly more severe as the numbers of 5G antennae skyrocketed.Are these findings coincidental or does 5G have some causal role in exacerbating the coronavirus epidemic?  In order to answer that question, we need to determine whether the downstream effects of VGCC activation exacerbate the viral replication, the effects of viral infection, especially those that have roles in the spread of the virus and also the mechanism by which this coronavirus causes death.Accordingly, the replication of the viral RNA is stimulated by oxidative stress:J Mol Biol. 2008 Nov 28;383(5):1081-96.   Variable oligomerization modes in coronavirus non-structural protein 9.  Ponnusamy R, Moll R, Weimar T, Mesters JR, Hilgenfeld R.Other aspects of viral replication including those involved in the spread of the virus are stimulated by increased intracellular calcium [Ca2+]i, oxidative stress, NF-kappaB elevation, inflammation and apoptosis, each of which are increased following EMF exposure.  The first citation below shows an important role of VGCC activation in stimulating coronavirus infection.The predominant cause of death from this coronavirus is pneumonia.  Pneumonia is greatly exacerbated by each of those five downstream effects of VGCC activation, excessive intracellular calcium, oxidative stress, NF-kappaB elevation, inflammation and apoptosis. The first of the citations listed below shows that calcium channel blockers, the same type of drugs that block EMF effects, are useful in the treatment of pneumonia.  This predicts that EMFs, acting via VGCC activation, will produce increasingly severe pneumonia and therefore 5G radiation as well as other types of EMFs may well increase pneumonia deaths.These all argue that 5G radiation is likely to greatly exacerbate the spread of the coronavirus and to greatly increase the lethality of the infections produced by it.  The good news is that it is likely that those of us that live in areas with no 5G radiation and who avoid other EMFs wherever possible will probably escape much of the impacts of this prospective global pandemic.  It is highly probable that one of the best things Wuhan can do to control the epidemic in the city is to turn off the 4G/5G system.|0
It is proved: the coronavirus is created artificially and is a military weapon !!US biological warfare against China. Anand Ranganatan, a professor of genetics at Jawaharlal Nehru State University in Delhi, and his colleagues published a report on a study of Chinese coronavirus.They found that it was formed from two different types of coronavirus, distributed among animals (bats and snakes), as well as four virus-like inserts characteristic of HIV. No known coronavirus has such a structure.Thus, scientists have clearly proved that the virus was created artificially and is a battle. China's National Health Commission reported 31,161 confirmed cases.Taking into account the number of infected people in all countries, as of February 7, there were 31,452 people, 638 people died. (More died, but this number will not sound: you will not return the dead and will not give incense to the tramp. pandemics other methods without fail.) In this regard, it can be recalled that currently there is a fierce, not for life, but for death, the so-called trade war between the United States and China. And somehow “by accident”, as if by magic, at that time and in China, the coronavirus erupted, which had already done tremendous harm to the Chinese economy and sharply weakened Beijing’s position in the negotiations.The Chinese stock market collapsed after the opening of trading on exchanges, according to Bloomberg, who called what was happening "an unprecedented bout of sale." For ten days, the financial markets of China and Hong Kong were on vacation in connection with the celebration of the New Year in this country.The collapse of the main indices by more than 8% is associated with the epidemic of coronavirus.The shares of telecommunications, technology and mining companies are falling the most. Crude oil futures fell 7%, iron ore 6.5% and ferrous metals 6%. Copper, oil and palm oil also fell to the daily limit allowed on the Chinese market.“Most people in the market have never faced this situation, they cannot be blamed for the need for money when they feel a threat to their health,” said Fan Ryu, Managing Director of Shanghai WuSheng Investment Management Partnership.Even before the spread of coronavirus, many experts wrote that in recent years, Washington, contrary to international law, has been actively developing biological weapons in its many laboratories located both on American territory and abroad.Last November, Secretary of the Security Council of Russia Nikolai Patrushev, who was well acquainted with this issue, warned about this danger and listed the main threats to security in many countries of the world.One of the points was devoted to the policy “aimed at the destruction of a single humanitarian space and the separation of peoples” in relation to the CIS and the CSTO, and also related to the creation of US biological laboratories in their territory:“Of particular concern is the Pentagon’s efforts to create biological laboratories around the world, primarily in the CIS countries, where infectious diseases are studied and biological weapons can be created.”Later, information appeared that the United States commissioned more than 200 biological laboratories around the world, and they are located in Azerbaijan, Armenia, Georgia, Kazakhstan, Moldova, Uzbekistan and Ukraine.By the way, commenting on a study by Indian scientists, ex-member of the UN Commission on Biological and Chemical Weapons, military expert Igor Nikulin emphasized that in China, patients with coronavirus have been treated with AIDS drugs, and there are people who have recovered.So, in an interview with Moskovsky Komsomolets, he said: “This is definitely a combat virus. There is no doubt that it was created purposefully. ” While scientists are creating a vaccine against a new type of coronavirus, doctors recall that the main methods of dealing with it are the same as against influenza.The main question is - who benefits from having another epidemic unsettle a powerful competitor? If we apply the well-known trick highly likely, unceremoniously used by the British ex-prime minister Theresa May to hang the so-called Skripals poisoning in Russia, the answer is obvious: the coronavirus epidemic 2019-nCoV, which hit China, is highly likely to be in the hands of the United States.And the worse for Beijing, the better for Washington. Moreover, the outlook for the epidemic is not yet encouraging. For example, some experts say that if the spread of the virus cannot be stopped, up to 250 million Chinese can become its victims!It is noteworthy that the virus got to the American technological giant Apple, whose production area is only 500 kilometers from the "homeland" of the coronavirus - the Wuhan metropolis. And now, according to the Nikkei Asian Review, the production of popular iPhone smartphones is in jeopardy.Starbucks also found itself in a difficult situation, which, due to quarantine, had to close a large half of its four thousand coffee houses operating in China (by the way, this is the second largest market after the United States).But at the same time, the Americans for some reason do not look like such victims of the epidemic, especially Apple, whose leadership at the very beginning of the trade and economic confrontation with China advised to evacuate production facilities in the United States.It seems as if President Trump saw everything in advance, like some kind of psychic. But most likely, he simply decided to punish those American companies whose leaders did not obey his insistent "advice" to return their production facilities to the United States. However, both Apple and Starbucks were really out of luck.You can’t say the same about the American political establishment, which is making titanic efforts to bring to its knees the "presumptuous China." And why should these efforts necessarily be of an economic nature? In such a war, all means are good, and no matter what banned weapons the United States uses, it is clear that none of the Americans will be in the dock of the International Court of Justice.It may be recalled that the United States is not the first to use biological and chemical weapons. During the war, the US Army sprayed 72 million liters of Agent Orange defoliants in South Vietnam to destroy forests, including 44 million liters containing 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzodioxin.This substance is a persistent substance that enters the human body with water and food, it causes various diseases of the liver and blood, massive congenital malformations of newborns and violations of the normal course of pregnancy. After the use of the US military defoliants, after the war, several tens of thousands of people died. Altogether, there are about 4.8 million victims of defoliant spraying in Vietnam, including three million directly affected.The current bloated coronavirus epidemic has already done tremendous harm not only to the Chinese economy, but also to many countries of the world. Cancellation of flights, suspension of production, violation of logistics, non-participation in fairs. The epidemic from China is forcing more and more large companies to change plans and improvise.However, the sharp reduction in air traffic with China around the world not only reduces the revenues of airlines and airports, losing passengers and traffic, but also creates more and more serious problems for firms from various industries. This was pointed out by World Bank President David Malpass, warning of an impending decrease in the forecast for global economic growth rates “at least in the first part of 2020”. He recalled that "many Chinese goods are delivered around the world in the womb of passenger aircraft." Now, companies have to quickly adapt their supply chains to new conditions.Coronavirus is more dangerous, for example, for the German economy than for its inhabitants. Lufthansa cancels all flights to China, the German travel industry is losing Chinese customers, companies from Germany stop production in China. Due to the epidemic, the business begins to suffer losses. However, mostly fairly wealthy Chinese people travel to Germany, therefore, guests from China occupy the second place among foreign visitors of the country in terms of total expenses for traveling and staying in Germany. According to German media estimates, they spend a total of about 6 billion euros a year on transport and hotel services, food and shopping.Many German attractions will soon be missing tourists from China. Pointing out the importance of Chinese tourists to the "retail and tourism and entertainment industries in Germany," DZT head Petra Hedorfer, in a special press statement, expressed the hope that "the situation will normalize soon," and recalled that the main season for visiting Germany by Chinese tourists - this is summer. So the industry has a hope to win back those losses that will begin to grow rapidly in the coming days.All this gave rise to the German edition of Handelsblatt to draw the following conclusion: “Donald Trump is a destroyer, in the truest sense of the word. Three years of his presidency were enough to undermine the world trade order and undermine confidence in the World Trade Organization (WTO), NATO and the Paris climate compromise. ”To this can now be added the conduct of a biological war against unyielding rivals. Not by washing, so by skating, the Russian proverb says.|0
In times of coronavirus many cyber-technology companies have rushed into the health sector hoping to make money out of the panic and clamour.  For example, a US company has announced that it will use Artificial Intelligence to treat coronavirus patients.  Apparently some drugs developed with the support of Artificial Intelligence are already being used for coronavirus therapy and a panacea is about to arrive.  Many new Artificial Intelligence companies have forseen emerging trends in nanomedicine and telemedicine along the lines of implanting microchips into people’s bodies, as suggested by Bill Gates.|0
Coronaviruses are viruses that circulate among animals with some of them also known to infect humans.Bats are considered natural hosts of these viruses yet several other species of animals are also known to act as sources. For instance, Middle East Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus (MERS-CoV) is transmitted to humans from camels, and Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus-1 (SARS-CoV-1) is transmitted to humans from civet cats. More information on coronaviruses can be found in the ECDC factsheet.|1
A cytokine storm is an overreaction of the body's immune system. In some people with COVID-19, the immune system releases immune messengers, called cytokines, into the bloodstream out of proportion to the threat or long after the virus is no longer a threat.When this happens, the immune system attacks the body's own tissues, potentially causing significant harm. A cytokine storm triggers an exaggerated inflammatory response that may damage the liver, blood vessels, kidneys, and lungs, and increase formation of blood clots throughout the body. Ultimately, the cytokine storm may cause more harm than the coronavirus itself.A simple blood test can help determine whether someone with COVID-19 may be experiencing a cytokine storm. Trials in countries around the world are investigating whether drugs that have been used to treat cytokine storms in people with other, non-COVID conditions could be effective in people with COVID-19.|1
By now, you've likely heard the main pieces of advice to avoid the coronavirus.Wear a mask. Wash your hands with soap. Stay at least 6 feet from others. If you do gather with others, go outside rather than inside.Still, there's one more aspect to infection that has received less attention. Growing evidence suggests that Covid-19 infection, like with other illnesses, is related to prolonged time exposed to the virus. The longer you stay in an environment that may contain the virus, the higher the risk of getting sick.Erin Bromage, a comparative immunologist and professor of biology at the University of Massachusetts Dartmouth, summed it up with a short and sweet equation: "Successful Infection = Exposure to Virus x Time."Bromage's simplified formula was part of a recent blog post explaining ways to lower your risk of catching Covid-19 that has been read over 15 million times in the past two weeks, he told CNN.The main idea is that people get infected when they are exposed to a certain amount of viral particles. That viral threshold can be reached by an infected person's sneeze or cough, which releases a large number of viral particles into the air. But an infected person talking or even just breathing still releases some virus into the air, and over a long period of time in an enclosed space, that could still infect others."The longer time you spend in that environment -- so minutes or hours in there -- the more virus you breathe in, the more it can build up and then establish infection," Bromage said. "So it's always a balance of exposure and time. If you get a high level of exposure, it's a short time (to infection, and if you get a) low level of exposure, it's a longer time before that infection can establish."The importance of time exposed to a virus is relevant for all infectious diseases, from measles to tuberculosis to Covid-19, said Dr. Kent Sepkowitz, an infectious disease specialist at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York.Indeed, it's the underlying theory behind contact tracing, which tries to locate and contact anyone who has spent prolonged time near an infected person.Bromage said his simple formula suggests that a short shopping trip comes with a comparatively low risk of infection -- but employees in those same stores for eight-hour shifts have a higher risk."Even if there is virus in that environment, you hopefully haven't had that extended time needed to get to that infectious dose. The employees, though, are in that environment all day," he said. "So what wouldn't infect you and I because it didn't get to that infectious dose number, has a much stronger effect or larger effect on an employee that gets that low dose all day."Gym class, restaurant and choir practice as examples.Several case studies of Covid-19 outbreaks over the past few months show the dangers of spending a long time in an enclosed space with an infected person, including at a choir practice in Washington state, a restaurant in China and a fitness studio in South Korea.In Washington state, a single infected person attended a two-and-a-half hour choir practice on March 10, according to a report published by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Of the 61 attendees, 53 people, or 87% of the group, developed Covid-19 afterward, the report said.No one reported physical contact between the attendees at the practices, but they sat close together. The report said the chairs were 6-10 inches apart, but there were empty seats between some of the members. The choir broke into two groups for part of the practice, and members moved closer together for that 45-minute session, they said.Another example of the dangers of prolonged exposure came at a restaurant in Guangzhou, China, on January 24. Over lunch that lasted about an hour, an infected person spread the virus to four people at their table, two people at a nearby table and three people at another nearby table.The study concluded that the transmission of the virus was prompted by air-conditioned ventilation at the restaurant and recommended restaurants increase the distance between tables as well as improve their ventilation.Finally, researchers in South Korea linked more than 100 coronavirus infections to a four-hour fitness instructor workshop from mid-February, according to research published in Emerging Infectious Diseases, a journal from the CDC.Almost 30 instructors participated in the original workshop, which was held in Cheonan, South Korea. They trained intensely for four hours, and while none had symptoms at the time, eight instructors eventually tested positive for the virus.Less than a month later, researchers had identified 112 coronavirus cases linked to dance classes in a dozen different facilities. Half of the cases were the result of direct transmission from instructors to students, and some people went on to infect others outside of class.The classes linked to transmission had between five to 22 students and took place in small spaces for almost an hour. Out of 217 students exposed to infected instructors, 57 of them, or about one in four, ended up testing positive.How long is too long?Because experimenting with viruses on humans is unethical, data is limited on exactly how much exposure and time are needed for an infection. The number also varies by person, as older or immuno-compromised people have lower thresholds to infection."Data are insufficient to precisely define the duration of time that constitutes a prolonged exposure," the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says on its website. "Recommendations vary on the length of time of exposure but 15 min of close exposure can be used as an operational definition."Sepkowitz similarly said that shorter exposure times are safer, but there is no hard and fast rule for how long is too long."Everyone has a little bit of risk per minute, and it's a cumulative thing," he said.The other part of Bromage's equation -- the issue of "exposure to virus" -- also varies depending on the actions within that enclosed space. For example, he said that louder places are riskier because infected people emit more virus when they talk loudly or when they sing, such as in the chorus case study in Washington.Quieter places with fewer airborne particles may also be lower risk. In the South Korea fitness case study, one of the infected instructors taught Pilates and yoga, and none of her students contracted the virus."We hypothesize that the lower intensity of Pilates and yoga did not cause the same transmission effects as those of the more intense fitness dance classes," the researchers said.|1
COVID-19 is the infectious disease caused by the most recently discovered coronavirus. This new virus and disease were unknown before the outbreak began in Wuhan, China, in December 2019. COVID-19 is now a pandemic affecting many countries globally.|1
Shortness of breath refers to unexpectedly feeling out of breath, or winded. But when should you worry about shortness of breath? There are many examples of temporary shortness of breath that are not worrisome. For example, if you feel very anxious, it's common to get short of breath and then it goes away when you calm down.However, if you find that you are ever breathing harder or having trouble getting air each time you exert yourself, you always need to call your doctor. That was true before we had the recent outbreak of COVID-19, and it will still be true after it is over.Meanwhile, it's important to remember that if shortness of breath is your only symptom, without a cough or fever, something other than COVID-19 is the likely problem.|1
Brace your psyche for this interview, for J.R. Nyquist lays out how the coronavirus is just the first wave of the planned communist destruction of America.The virus is the “softening up” attack, and it will be followed by even more aggressive attacks that attempt to destroy America. Those attacks may include financial assaults, military invasions, nuclear weapons and a second wave of more aggressive biological weapons.JR Nyquist is a remarkable historian and expert in geopolitics and the history of communism. He understands how China and Russia are both seeking to exterminate the United States of America so they can expand their own world domination plans to include North America.The coronavirus release was no accident, and it wasn’t some wild virus from bats. It’s an engineered weapon that was designed and deployed to attack America, destroy Trump, crash the US economy, eviscerate the population and pave the way for a full-strength assault on America.If your psyche can handle it, listen to this interview. It gets even more powerful in the last 15 minutes. (It’s roughly one hour in duration, and a lot of the first half hour is about learning history so you can fully understand the geopolitical moves being made right now by China, Russia and the United States.)JR Nyquist is banned almost everywhere. Share this video and re-upload to other platforms:|0
You can catch COVID-19, no matter how sunny or hot the weather is. Countries with hot weather have reported cases of COVID-19. To protect yourself, make sure you clean your hands frequently and thoroughly and avoid touching your eyes, mouth, and nose. |1
Early reports from China and France suggested that patients with severe symptoms of COVID-19 improved more quickly when given chloroquine or hydroxychloroquine. Some doctors were using a combination of hydroxychloroquine and azithromycin with some positive effects.Hydroxychloroquine and chloroquine are primarily used to treat malaria and several inflammatory diseases, including lupus and rheumatoid arthritis. Azithromycin is a commonly prescribed antibiotic for strep throat and bacterial pneumonia. Both drugs are inexpensive and readily available.Hydroxychloroquine and chloroquine have been shown to kill the COVID-19 virus in the laboratory dish. The drugs appear to work through two mechanisms. First, they make it harder for the virus to attach itself to the cell, inhibiting the virus from entering the cell and multiplying within it. Second, if the virus does manage to get inside the cell, the drugs kill it before it can multiply.Azithromycin is never used for viral infections. However, this antibiotic does have some anti-inflammatory action. There has been speculation, though never proven, that azithromycin may help to dampen an overactive immune response to the COVID-19 infection.However, the most recent human studies suggest no benefit — and possibly a higher risk of death due to lethal heart rhythm abnormalities — with both hydroxychloroquine and azithromycin used alone. The drugs are especially dangerous when used in combination.Based on these new reports, the FDA now formally recommends against taking chloroquine or hydroxychloroquine for COVID-19 infection unless it is being prescribed in the hospital or as part of a clinical trial. Three days earlier a National Institutes of Health (NIH) panel released a similar strong statement advising against the use of the combination of hydroxychloroquine and azithromycin.|1
It’s one of the most important things you can do to protect yourself, your family and your community. And if you’re like us, you’ve probably been doing it wrong.We asked the experts how to wash our hands. After they taught us the proper technique (above), we had a few more questions:Will touching the wet faucet really ruin everything?Yes.The faucet may have the same germs you started with! Use a tissue or paper towel to turn it off once your hands are clean. You don’t want to begin again, do you?How hard do I have to scrub?Most people don’t rub vigorously enough, said Barbara Smith, a nurse epidemiologist and infection prevention specialist at Mount Sinai Health Systems in New  York.When you wash your hands, you are using soap and water to physically dislodge germs from your skin and then rinse them away.  Do I really have to dry my hands all the way?Most people don’t dry thoroughly enough. Germs love moisture. And don’t be afraid to use a little force here too: You are physically removing whatever germs remain.Do I have to use paper towels?No. Cloth towels are fine for personal use, but should be washed every few days — more if multiple people use the same towel. A sick person should use a separate towel. Use paper towels for guests!What about an air dryer?In terms of hygiene, paper towels are best. Hand dryers are OK, so long as you dry your hands thoroughly. There is inconclusive research that suggests a higher germ concentration around some hand dryers, but using a hand dryer is definitely better than wiping your hands on your pants.What’s the best way to know you’ve washed for 20 seconds?One one-thousand, two one-thousand, three one-thousand.Does it matter what kind of soap I use?Liquid soap is best. Bar soap is fine too, just don’t let it sit around in a gloppy dish. Remember: germs love moisture.When should I be washing my hands?Before you leave the house (to protect others from your germs).And when you arrive at your destination (to wash off germs you’ve picked up from door knobs, elevator buttons, public transportation, etc.)Before and after you eat or prepare food.Before and after you clean your home.After you blow your nose, cough or sneeze.After you use the bathroom or change a diaper.After you feed or touch a pet.What about lotion for dry hands?Yes, but use your own personal supply (most lotion does not contain antibacterial agents, so it should not be shared). And don’t forget to keep the bottle and dispenser clean!Can I still paint my nails?Yes, but it’s best to keep your nails short and your manicure fresh. Germs can live in cracked and chipped polish.What’s the technique with hand sanitizer?Use alcohol-based hand sanitizer with at least 60 percent alcohol, and scrub your hands the same way you would with soap and water. Be sure to use enough liquid so you can reach every surface of your hands.Note: If you’ve seen the recipe circulating on social media for homemade sanitizer using aloe vera gel and rubbing alcohol, we tried it and it didn’t work. You’ll just wind up with a batch of diluted alcohol.Is hand-washing really that important?“Your hands carry almost all your germs to your respiratory tract. Keeping them as clean as possible is really helpful,” said Dr. Adit Ginde, professor of emergency medicine at the University of Colorado School of Medicine. “It would dramatically reduce transmission if people did it well.”|1
Among all the reports, modelling, and desktop exercises in the past decade devoted to preparing for the next pandemic, when COVID-19 spread worldwide, some of the consequences had surely never been predicted. Scientists who were barely known outside a narrow academic circle are now household names, lauded and vilified in turn in the press and on social media. Twitter subscribers who until a few months ago were apparently experts in European relations or constitutional law are now skilled infectious diseases epidemiologists. The accretion of new knowledge takes place via tweets, political grandstanding, gross misinterpretation of preprints, and media briefings in the absence of scrutinisable data. We are witness to the unedifying spectacle of highly respected scientists left squirming as they are subject to the dangerous ramblings of politicians desperate to rescue themselves from their own incompetence. Politically inspired crank conspiracy theories abound as to the origin of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2). Perhaps more predictably, the steps taken by national governments to mitigate COVID-19 are simultaneously criticised as under-reactions and over-reactions. And as these policies have their desired effect, the premature clamour for a “return to normal” grows ever louder.Whereas policy decisions in response to COVID-19 are labelled as being “guided by the science”, there are many aspects of this disease that affect policy where scientific consensus has yet to form. For example, there has been much discussion of whether immunity from natural infection will protect against repeat infections. Experience with other coronaviruses suggests that although protective immunity does develop, it also wanes. If true for SARS-CoV-2, the effect on policy around so-called “immunity passports” is unclear. At the very least, people who can go about their business because of their immune status will need to be retested frequently.The value of wearing face masks remains unclear in our view. As part of the relaxing of physical distancing restrictions, governments are recommending face covering while on public transport or shopping. Given that we can be confident that domestic and workplace settings are more likely venues for virus transmission than travel or casual urban contact, then, logically, advice to wear facial covering while travelling to work should extend to the workplace itself.Many governments have implemented school closures as part of the pandemic response. The contribution of this measure to transmission control relative to other policies is fiercely disputed. Staged, carefully monitored reopening of schools might be necessary to gather information to guide long-term policy.What was predicted from previous outbreaks is the effect that the response to COVID-19 is having on management of other diseases. In our May issue, we reported that the pandemic has disrupted both routine and mass vaccination campaigns in some low-income and middle-income countries, and the same is now happening with infant immunisation in the USA and the UK. A recent report estimates that compared with a scenario of no pandemic, the demands that the COVID-19 response puts on health systems will increase deaths by up to 10% for HIV, 20% for tuberculosis, and 36% for malaria over 5 years in high-burden settings. The pandemic response is already affecting care for non-communicable diseases, and the resultant economic downturn will have chronic long-term health effects, with mental health perhaps worst affected.Policy responses must account for scientific uncertainties, while at the same time balancing the demands that COVID-19 puts on health-care resources with the long-term economic and health effects of pandemic control measures. Among industrialised, densely populated countries, Germany and South Korea in particular have been praised for their responses to COVID-19, which have been based on widespread testing, contact tracing, and isolation. But the virus has not gone away in these places—there are worrying signs of an increase in cases as restrictions are eased. The percentage of the global population that is immune from exposure to the disease is probably still in single figures; future outbreaks are almost inevitable.A reshaping of policy is required that accounts for a reluctantly forming consensus: that we must plan for COVID-19 over years rather than months. Even with an effective vaccine in the next year, global roll-out will take at least as long again. Policies must be internationally coordinated, as WHO has called for since the disease first appeared, and must recognise that neither abandoning control nor eternal lockdown are healthy options.|1
If you contract the virus, your response to it will depend on many factors, only one of which is taking medication that suppresses your immune system. In addition, stopping the medication on your own could cause your underlying condition to get worse. Most importantly, don't make this decision on your own. It's always best not to adjust the dose or stop taking a prescription medication without first talking to the doctor who prescribed the medication.|1
It can be its own challenge. Here are some tips.For people fortunate enough to be able to stay home, being stuck inside 24 hours a day for weeks on end is unlike anything any of us has ever experienced. It’s a whole new set of stressors and unique experiences — on top of the very real cabin fever that can set in. But as difficult as sheltering in place can be, remember that it’s all about keeping you, your loved ones and your community safe.First, remember that it’s OK to feel stressed and unproductive; give yourself permission to feel whatever it is you’re feeling. Because we’re spending so much time online, it can feel like you’re falling behind — why haven’t I finished that book and knitted that scarf and cooked that feast yet?! — “but staying inside and attending to basic needs is plenty.” And if you have children, acknowledge that these changes to daily life are difficult.Among those basic needs is organizing and cleaning your home, both vastly different tasks than they used to be. To keep the home running smoothly, consider these tips to keep your appliances functioning, the mess to a minimum and the clutter at bay and changes you could make in how you do laundry.As for cleaning your home, prioritize high-touch surfaces, including door knobs, light switches, refrigerator and microwave doors, drawer pulls, TV remotes, counters and table tops, toilet handles and faucet handles. Here’s everything you need to know about cleaning your home. But remember: You’re dealing with potentially harmful chemicals, so don’t accidentally poison yourself while cleaning.Finally: Don’t forget to keep moving. It’s good for your health, mind and soul.|1
Yes, asthma may increase your risk of getting very sick from COVID-19. However, you can take steps to lower your risk of getting infected in the first place. These include. social distancing. washing your hands often with soap and warm water for 20 to 30 seconds. not touching your eyes, nose or mouth. staying away from people who are sick.In addition, you should continue to take your asthma medicines as prescribed to keep your asthma under control. If you do get sick, follow your asthma action plan and call your doctor.|1
For people with diabetes, factors that potentially play a role in increasing their risk of developing a more serious case of COVID-19 include:The presence of chronic medical conditions such as cardiovascular disease, hypertension, and obesity that also increase the risk for COVID-19. Impaired function of white blood cells that fight infection, and an exaggerated inflammatory response by the body toward the SARS-CoV-2 virus. Increased expression of an enzyme (angiotensin-converting enzyme 2) in the lungs, heart, kidneys, and pancreas that acts as a portal for the novel coronavirus to enter human cells. To stay healthy, optimal diabetes management is important, including controlling blood pressure and cholesterol levels. People with diabetes should stay hydrated, carefully record blood glucose and ketone readings, and—if a person develops symptoms such as fever, cough, or shortness of breath—contact their health care provider immediately.Ranganath Muniyappa, MD, PhD, is a senior research physician at the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases, National Institutes of Health. He published “COVID-19 pandemic, coronaviruses, and diabetes mellitus,” on March 31, 2020, in the American Journal of Physiology. |1
On March 12th, 2020, Anderson Cooper and Dr. Sanjay Gupta held a global town hall on “Corona Facts and Fears.” During the discussion, Anderson said to the viewing audience, “And, again, if you are concerned about coronavirus, and you haven’t gotten a flu shot…you should get a flu shot.”Setting safety and efficacy of influenza vaccination aside, is Anderson’s claim that the flu shot will help people fight COVID-19 remotely true? The short answer is no.In fact, the results of many peer-reviewed, published studies prove that Anderson’s recommendation may have been the worst advice he could have given the public.In searching the literature, the only study we have been able to find assessing flu shots and coronavirus is a 2020 US Pentagon study that found that the flu shot INCREASES the risks from coronavirus by 36%.“Receiving influenza vaccination may increase the risk of other respiratory viruses, a phenomenon known as “virus interference…’vaccine derived’ virus interference was significantly associated with coronavirus…” Here are the findings:2020 Pentagon study: Flu vaccines increase risk of coronavirus by 36% .Examining non-influenza viruses specifically, the odds of coronavirus in vaccinated individuals were significantly higher when compared to unvaccinated individuals with an odds ratio (association between an exposure and an outcome) of 1.36. In other words, the vaccinated were 36% more likely to get coronavirus.Many other studies suggest the increased risk of viral respiratory infections from the flu shot:2018 CDC Study: Flu shots increase risk of non-flu acute respiratory illnesses (ARI) in children.This CDC supported study concluded an increased risk of acute respiratory illness (ARI) among children <18 years caused by non-influenza respiratory pathogens post-influenza vaccination compared to unvaccinated children during the same period.2011 Australian Study: Flu shot doubled risk of non-influenza viral infections and increased flu risk by 73%.A prospective case-control study in healthy young Australian children found that seasonal flu shots doubled their risk of illness from non-influenza virus infections. Overall, the vaccine increased the risk of virus-associated acute respiratory illness, including influenza, by 73%.2012 Hong Kong Study: Flu shots increased the risk of non-flu respiratory infections 4.4 times and tripled flu infections.A randomized placebo-controlled trial in Hong Kong children found that flu shots increased the risk of non-influenza viral ARIs fivefold (OR 4.91,CI 1.04—8.14) and, including influenza, tripled the overall viral ARI risk (OR 3.17, CI 1.04—9.83).2017 Study: Vaccinated children are 5.9 more likely to suffer pneumonia and 30.1 times more likely to have been diagnosed with Allergic Rhinitis than unvaccinated children.Vaccinated children were 30.1 times more likely to have been diagnosed with Allergic Rhinitis and 5.9 times more likely to have been diagnosed with pneumonia than unvaccinated children.2014 Study: Influenza-vaccinated children were 1.6 times more likely than unvaccinated children to have a non-influenza “Influenza-like-illness” (ILI).Even more published science. The well-respected Cochrane Collaboration’s comprehensive 2010 meta-analysis of published influenza vaccine studies found that the influenza vaccination has “no effect” on hospitalization, and that there is “no evidence that vaccines prevent viral transmission or complications.The Cochrane Researchers concluded that the scientific evidence “seem[s] to discourage the utilization of vaccination against influenza in healthy adults as a routine public health measure.” In their meta-analysis, the Cochrane researchers accused the CDC of deliberately misrepresenting the science in order to support their universal influenza vaccination recommendation. Nevertheless, CNN and other mainstream media outlets continually broadcast CDC pronouncements as gospel and, ironically, ridicules those of us who actually read the science as “purveyors of ‘vaccine misinformation”.|0
The infectious period may begin one to two days before symptoms appear, but people are likely most infectious during the symptomatic period, even if symptoms are mild and very non-specific. The infectious period is now estimated to last for 7-12 days in moderate cases and up to two weeks on average in severe cases.|1
For several weeks, Dr. Anthony Fauci and Bill Gates have been beating the drum about a COVID-19 vaccine, seeking to keep the world’s coronavirus optics focused on a medical intervention that Gates acknowledges to be risky enough to require indemnification against lawsuits. The two are casting a COVID-19 vaccine—which they speculate could be ready in as little as 18 months—as the passport for a return to “normalcy.” The two opinion leaders’ gambit seems to be backfiring among people savvy enough to understand that Fauci’s and Gates’ organizations, pocketbooks and agendas are driving the rush for an indemnified vaccine. Other Americans may be too distracted by the historically unprecedented lockdown, however, to think through the safety issues raised by a potential COVID-19 vaccine. the Philippines’ mass dengue vaccination program—implemented with undue haste—not only killed children but provoked protests, criminal investigations, indictments, revocation of the vaccine’s license in that country and a plummeting of parental confidence in vaccine safety from 82% to 21%.Americans would be well advised to revisit a virus-and-vaccine cautionary tale that briefly captured front-page attention a year ago. In April 2019, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved Sanofi Pasteur’s Dengvaxia vaccine, joining 19 other countries in granting regulatory approval to the world’s first dengue vaccine. The FDA gave its green light not long after the Philippines—the first country to roll out the vaccine widely—witnessed hundreds of distressing hospitalizations and deaths in 9-16 year-olds, representing a clear safety signal.Dengvaxia’s fallout was so dramatic that it even overrode the U.S. media’s customary whiteout of vaccine safety problems. As summarized by National Public Radio (NPR), the Philippines’ mass dengue vaccination program—implemented with “undue haste”—not only killed children but provoked protests, criminal investigations, indictments, revocation of the vaccine’s license in that country and a plummeting of parental confidence in vaccine safety from 82% to 21%.in some individuals, subsequent infection with a different dengue virus can increase the risk of severe outcomes—a phenomenon known as “disease enhancement.”Viral vaccines and “disease enhancement”. Given that an estimated 40% of the world’s population is at risk of mosquito-borne dengue infection, it is not surprising that the vaccine industry has had a dengue vaccine on its list for decades. There are four types of dengue virus that can trigger infection, albeit with a highly variable trajectory that  ranges from asymptomatic infection or “mild and non-specific febrile illness” (together representing about 75% of cases) to “classic dengue fever” and, in an “occasional” subset, more severe outcomes such as plasma leakage, bleeding, shock or death. In children, experts believe the majority of dengue infections are subclinical. Researchers note that environmental and host immune factors play a significant role in shaping both susceptibility and outcomes.Natural infection with one type of dengue virus provides long-lasting protection against the same type but only short-term protection against the other three varieties. The vexing result is that, in some individuals, subsequent infection with a different dengue virus can increase the risk of severe outcomes—a phenomenon known as “disease enhancement.” In a 2018 review, researchers listed reports of “enhanced illness” resulting from influenza, respiratory syncytial virus (RSV), Zika, West Nile virus, dengue and coronavirus—and emphasized that either infection or vaccination could produce this response.In 2018, the WHO’s Global Advisory Committee on Vaccine Safety reviewed some of the deaths associated with Dengvaxia but stated that it could not determine whether the vaccine was causally related to the “vaccine-related immune enhancement.” This disingenuous conclusion flies in the face of decades of evidence showing some viral vaccines to be capable of “subverting” the immune system and provoking “exacerbated illness.” It is doubtful that WHO or Sanofi are unaware of this phenomenon, which numerous publications acknowledge as a “major obstacle” for the development of safe dengue and other viral vaccines. After the problems in the Philippines, however, Sanofi’s global medical director asserted that “In hindsight . . . Sanofi wouldn’t do anything differently.”A dengue expert who develops vaccines for the U.S. military issued warnings about Dengvaxia’s risks ahead of time—vainly cautioning that vaccinating 9-16 year-olds who were “seronegative” or “dengue-naive” at baseline (that is, had never before been exposed to dengue) was likely to significantly augment their lifetime risk of severe disease when later exposed to dengue. (About 21% of vaccinees were seronegative.) Why did this industry insider—who has been a paid dengue vaccine consultant to Takeda, Merck, Sanofi Pasteur and SmithKlineBeecham—voice these concerns and condemn international health institutions for unethical, unscientific and “contorted explanations” that “fail[ed] to identify breakthrough dengue disease in vaccinated subjects as serious adverse events”? As he pointed out in numerous letters and articles, the potential for vaccine-enhanced dengue disease was readily apparent in Dengvaxia’s clinical trials, but both Sanofi and WHO chose to ignore the evidence.Belatedly—a year and a half after the launch of the Philippines’ disastrous vaccination campaign—Sanofi announced that “new information” was prompting the company to declare that “vaccination should not be recommended” for seronegative individuals of any age. Repackaging Dengvaxia as a vaccine solely for individuals who have had at least one laboratory-confirmed bout of dengue is easier said than done, however, because many mild dengue infections go undiagnosed and undocumented.The dengue vaccine pipeline. Sanofi reluctantly revised its recommendation to provide Dengvaxia only to individuals with evidence of past infection, which “leaves a substantial unmet need” that other dengue vaccine developers appear only too eager to exploit. Although Sanofi’s formulation—which took two decades and two billion dollars to develop—is the first dengue vaccine ever to make it out of the pipeline and into the marketplace, two other vaccines (TAK-003 and Butantan-DV) are currently undergoing late-stage clinical trials in Asia/Latin America and Brazil, respectively.Dengue vaccine development has been marked by strong for-profit industry involvement. In addition, there has been “wide participation and co-ownership” by U.S. government institutions in dengue vaccine research and development, even though dengue disease poses little threat on the U.S. mainland. With dengue-endemic areas limited to Puerto Rico and a few offshore territories and protectorates, HHS—the umbrella agency for the National Institutes of Health (NIH), Fauci’s National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID), the CDC and the FDA—owns 65 dengue-vaccine-related patents, dwarfing the 19 owned by Sanofi and the 12 and 4 owned by GlaxoSmithKline and Merck, respectively. All of the private companies involved in dengue vaccine development share patents with U.S. government agencies; meanwhile, very few patent applications have been filed in developing countries.CDC scientists designed and constructed the TAK-003 vaccine and then licensed it to Japan’s Takeda Pharmaceutical Company, Asia’s largest pharmaceutical conglomerate. However, preliminary analyses of the clinical trial results suggest that TAK-003 may suffer from similar problems as Dengvaxia, providing “unbalanced protection among the four types of dengue” that could “increase the risk of severe disease after exposure to a second type of the virus.” Takeda plans to apply for approval in dengue-endemic countries anyway.Some experts are placing their bets on the third finalist, Butantan-DV, developed by none other than NIAID. NIAID has sponsored Butantan-DV clinical trials in Brazil since 2013, licensing its vaccine technology to Brazil’s Butantan Institute and launching the most recent trials in 2016. Not content to lurk in the background, NIH and NIAID have taken pains to call attention to their role in the vaccine’s development; publications presenting clinical trial results have titles referring to the “National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases tetravalent dengue vaccine” and the “National Institutes of Health dengue vaccine.” In studies published to date, investigators only monitored adverse reactions for 21 days.Mosquito versus needle.The Dengvaxia experience—involving a skewed immune response and enhanced risks—raises questions “applicable to all dengue vaccine candidates” and a number of other viral vaccines. One not-often-discussed consideration pertains to the “considerable differences between a wild-type [dengue virus] delivered by a mosquito versus needle administration of a vaccine,” which have the potential to elicit different immune responses. Instead of acknowledging these vaccines’ potentially unconquerable risks, why not focus on training health care workers in the provision of the supportive care known to be “very effective when delivered by experienced practitioners”? Even in severe cases of dengue characterized by vascular permeability and fluid loss, practitioners who “accurately and rapidly” replace fluids can stabilize patients’ condition—“and rather quickly”—with the result that “the vascular permeability phenomenon abruptly disappears.” In addition, fruitful avenues of research could include studying the environmental and immune system factors associated with the minority of cases that involve more severe dengue outcomes.With vaccine damage occurring in association with many different vaccines, it is unclear why so many individuals and organizations jumped on the anti-Dengvaxia bandwagon last year, but—with a rushed COVID-19 vaccine in the works—their words of warning are worth heeding. As NPR noted, “the debacle in the Philippines offers a key lesson for governments and manufacturers when it comes to approving and selling new vaccines: Slow down.” The dengue expert who presciently warned about Dengvaxia’s dangers put it this way:Dengvaxia-enhanced disease has created a major ethical dilemma for the vaccine community, an enduring public health management crisis, and legal nightmare. Vaccines should not harm recipients, directly or indirectly. WHO and the manufacturer owe the customer a safe product.|0
Coronavirus was patented back in 2015 in the United States. The virus was introduced into China by one of the US military who took part in events in China at the end of 2019. Former Deputy Minister of Defense of Germany, Willy Wimmer.|0
The 2019-nCov (coronavirus) epidemic originated in Wuhan, China and is now spreading to many other continents and countries, causing a public fear. Worst of all, there is no vaccine or specific antiviral drugs for 2019-nCov available. This adds to the public fear and gloomy outlook. A quick, rapidly deployable and accessible, effective and also safe treatment is urgently needed to not only save those patients, to curtail the spread of the epidemic, but also very important in the psychological assurance to people worldwide, and to the Chinese in particular. Acute organ failure, especially pulmonary failure (acute respiratory distress syndrome, ARDS) is the key mechanism for 2019-nCov's fatality. Significantly increased oxidative stress due to the rapid release of free radicals and cytokines etc. is the hallmark of ARDS which leads to cellular injury, organ failure and death. Early use of large dose antioxidants, especially vitamin C (VC), therefore, plays a key role in the management of these patients. We call upon all those in the leadership, and those providing direct assistance patients, to bravely and rapidly apply large dose intravenous vitamin C (IVC) to help those patients and to stop this epidemic.2019-nCov is a rapidly developing epidemic with a high morbidity and mortality.Wang et al reports 26% ICU admission rate and a 4.3% mortality rate in their 138 confirmed cases. Chen et all report that out of 99 confirmed 2019-nCov patients, 17 (17%) patients developed ARDS and, among them, 11 (11%) patients worsened in a short period of time and died of multiple organ failure.Increased oxidative stress, an underlying "cytokine storm," leads to ARDS which is the key pathology of high mortality of these pandemic viral infections. Cytokine storm-induced ARDS is the key pathology leading to death of these patients. Intravenous vitamin C effectively counters oxidative stress.Cytokine stormCoronaviruses and influenza are among the pandemic viruses that can cause lethal lung injuries and death from ARDS [3]. Viral infections cause a "cytokine storm" that can activate lung capillary endothelial cells leading to neutrophil infiltration and increased oxidative stress (reactive oxygen and nitrogen species) that further damages lung barrier function. ARDS, which is characterized by severe hypoxemia, is usually accompanied by uncontrolled inflammation, oxidative injury, and the damage to the alveolar-capillary barrier. The increased oxidative stress is a major insult in pulmonary injury such as acute lung injury (ALI) and acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS), two clinical manifestations of acute respiratory failure with substantially high morbidity and mortality.In a report of 29 patients confirmed of 2019-nCov pneumonia patients, 27 (93%) showed increased hsCRP, a marker of inflammation (and oxidative stress). Transcription factor nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor 2 (Nrf2) is a major regulator of antioxidant response element- (ARE-) driven cytoprotective protein expression. The activation of Nrf2 signaling plays an essential role in preventing cells and tissues from injury induced by oxidative stress. Vitamin C is an essential element of the antioxidant system in cellular response. Part of vitamin C's biological effects in critical care management are well reviewed in a recent article by Nabzdyk and Bittner from Mass Gen Hospital of Harvard Medical School on World's Journal of Critical Care Medicine:Antioxidants, especially large dose IV vitamin C (IVC) in the management of ARDS.It's clear that increased oxidative stress plays a major role in the pathogenesis of ARDS and death. Cytokine storm is observed in both viral and bacterial infections [3]. Cytokine storm leads to increased oxidative stress, ARDS and death seems to be a common and non-specific pathway. This is important in clinical management. Since the prevention and management targeting increased oxidative stress with large dose of antioxidants seems a logical step and can be applied to these deadly pandemics, without the lengthy waiting for pathogen-specific vaccines and drugs, as is the case of the current 2019-nCov epidemic.As a matter of fact, large dose intravenous vitamin C (IVC) has been used clinically successfully in viral ARDS and also in influenza. Fowler et al described a 26-year-old woman developed viral ARDS (rhinovirus and enterovirus-D68). She was admitted to ICU. After failure to routine standard management, she was placed on ECMO on day 3. High dose IVC (200mg/kg body/24 hour, divided in 4 doses, one every 6 hours) was also started on ECMO day 1. Her lungs showed significant improvement on day 2 of high dose IVC infusion on X-ray imaging. She continued to improve on ECMO and IVC and ECMO was discontinued on ECMO day 7 and the patient recovered and was discharged from the hospital on hospital day 12, without the need of supplemental oxygen. One month later, X-ray of her lungs showed complete recovery. Gonzalez et al (including one of the authors, Thomas Levy) reported recently a severe case of influenza successfully treated with high dose IVC. 25-year-old MG developed flu-like symptoms which was rapidly deteriorating to the degree that, about 2 weeks later, the patient barely had the energy to use the toilet. He was placed on high dose IVC (50,000 mg of vitamin C in 1000 ml Ringer's solution, infused over 90 minutes). The patient immediately reported significant improvement the next day. On day 4 of IVC infusion he reported to feel normal. He continued oral VC (2,000 mg twice daily). Another story has been widely circulating on the social media that large dose IVC reportedly was used in 2009 to save a New Zealand farmer, Alan Smith (Primal Panacea). One of us (Thomas Levy) was consulted upon in this case. Hemila et al reported that vitamin C shortens ICU stay in their 2019 meta-analysis of 18 clinical studies with a total of 2004 ICU patients on the journal Nutrients [13]. In this report, 17,000 mg/day IVC shortened the ICU stay by 44%. Marik et al reported their use of IVC in 47 sepsis ICU cases. They found a significant reduction in mortality rate in the IVC group of patients.Dietary antioxidants (vitamin C and sulforaphane) were shown to reduce oxidative-stress-induced acute inflammatory lung injury in patients receiving mechanical ventilation. Other antioxidants (curcumin) have also been shown to have promising anti-inflammatory potential in pneumonia.High dose IVC has been clinically used for several decades and a recent NIH expert panel document states clearly that high dose IVC (1.5 g/kd body weight) is safe and without major side effects.Summary.2019-nCov pneumonia is a rapidly developing disease with high morbidity and mortality rate. The key pathogenesis is the acute lung injury causing ARDS and death. Coronaviruses, influenza viruses and many other pandemic viral infections are usually associated with an increase oxidative stress leasing to oxidative cellular damage resulting in multi-organ failure. Antioxidants administration therefore has a central role in the management of these conditions, in addition to the standard conventional supportive therapies. Preliminary clinical studies and case reports show that early administration of high dose IVC can improve clinical conditions of patients in ICU, ARDS and flu. It needs to be pointed that pandemics like 2019-nCov will happen in the future. Specific vaccines and antiviral drugs R&D take long time to develop and are not available for the current nCov epidemic and won't be ready when the next pandemic strikes. IVC and other antioxidants are universal agents for ARDS that can be rapidly applied clinically. Given that high dose IVC is safe, can be effective, we call on the involved leadership and healthcare professionals to look into high dose IVC without further delay. More clinical studies of the IVC and oral VC (such as liposomal-encapsulated VC) are needed to develop standard protocols for the current use and future uses are urgently needed. We hope when the next pandemic strikes, we won't be so helpless and we'll be ready.|0
Many people are waking up to the fact that the Covid-19 “pandemic” is not turning out as billed. When we finally emerge from it, the big question will be how many people have died from the virus. Here’s the most likely outcome.You can bet that the institutions of international government, and the “experts” advising them, will try to massage and cherry-pick statistics to present the version of events that most closely matches their worst-case scenarios. The fact is, according to their early predictions, we are already long overdue millions of Covid-19 deaths that have failed to materialise.But even when Covid-19 deaths are recorded, we have seen how it could be that people are dying with coronavirus rather than dying of it. This concept is easy enough to understand, and it encourages one to take a closer look at the breakdown of deaths across an entire society. The more you follow this rabbit hole down, the more interesting the numbers become. It may be somewhat morbid, but it is nonetheless very important.The most popular twoarticles on the website of The Spectator over the weekend were by Dr John Lee, a recently retired NHS consultant and professor of pathology. He remarks that ‘’we have yet to see any statistical evidence for excess deaths, in any part of the world’’.To check this out, I looked at the British government’s own statistics on total deaths registered weekly across the UK. It shows that in the week ending on the 8th of March 2019, 10,898 people died in total in the UK. This year, in the week ending the 6th of March 2020, the equivalent figure was almost identical: 10,895. Make of that what you will. Statistics are currently available up to March 20, and while there is a lag between the spread of the virus and the resulting deaths, so far only about 1 percent of all mortalities bear any relation to coronavirus, and there is no visible spike. If nothing else, it helps to view the extent of the crisis in proportion - thousands of people die each week, and from the long-term view what we are seeing is not a plague, but a blip.So when all is said and done, will any additional people die of the coronavirus? And what is meant by extra or additional?Risk of dying. Understanding this requires a bit of lateral thinking, but it helps to remember that everyone on Earth has a terminal disease: being alive. We all have to go sometime.Recording exactly how and when we do is a big part of the job of statistician Professor Sir David Spiegelhalter. In a recent blog post, he outlined the concept of background risk. This is obtained by recording all of the people dying in any given year, at any given age. At its most simple, this is the percentage chance a person has of not reaching their next birthday, based solely on their age. Of course, that is not to say that if you are a 40-year-old man you have precisely a 0.2% chance of dying this year - the data are based on averages, and do not apply to individuals.But nonetheless, across a country or given populations, the averages will be right, and it is possible to predict with great accuracy how many people will die in a given year. In the UK, for example, 600,000 people die annually. But wait a minute! A novel, brand-spanking new coronavirus is terrorising us all. Therefore surely we can expect more people to die this year than would in a normal year? And come year’s end we should be able, with simple arithmetic, to count exactly how many more there were.Spiegelhalter, chair of the Winton Centre for Evidence and Risk Communication at Cambridge University, won’t say exactly what he does think that figure will be. But he does say that if the deaths are towards the lower end of the current estimates, say at around 20,000 in the UK, Covid-19 will end up having ‘’a minimal impact on overall mortality for 2020’’. He told R4 that his findings showed, to his own professed astonishment, that if someone contracts the coronavirus, they’ve got almost exactly the same chance of dying over the ensuing few weeks as they would normally have of dying over the next year, no matter what their age or background health.And depending on who you ask, that 20,000 figure might still be an overestimate. In fact, Spiegelhalter says that if extra people die it will likely be as a result of the  knock-on effects of the lockdown, such as delayed normal health care, depression and isolation.American political commentator Candace Owens has been Tweeting consistently about the apparent insignificance of Covid-19 deaths compared to overall trends. She tweeted about this issue in relation to New York City, where meaningless figures are being waved around by the media.Final destinationWith all of the numbers being bandied about these days by various universities and governments, one would swear that they knew exactly what they were talking about. Make no mistake: this air of certainty is just a front. It is definitely too early to accurately gauge how many – if any – extra people will die because of coronavirus. It will depend on how four key pieces of information intersect.These are:How many people will become infected by Covid-19?How much does Covid-19 increase the risk of death?Are deaths being properly recorded? Of those people who die having contracted coronavirus, are they dying from the virus, or just with it?Of those who died, how many had comorbidities that would have killed them this year anyway?Since all of this began, the mainstream media have focused almost entirely on the first of these points, and stressing with an onslaught of material how important it is to slow the spread. The most extreme possible measures have been implemented to do that. Meanwhile, the three other points could end up comparing Covid-19 pretty much to the common flu. Only careful consideration by governments of all the key factors will result in the best future decisions.It is hard to believe that when this all blows over, the damage that will have been done by the shutdown measures – to businesses, to civil liberties, to individual lives and, of course, to the global economy – could have been for nothing. Nonetheless, it seems entirely possible based on the present data. Remember above all to not  take the figures the mainstream media throw at you at face value; there are lies, damned lies and statistics.|0
The breakdown of the global liberal world order and its foundations. What is happening now is a global breakdown of the world order. It does not matter at all whether the nature of the coronavirus is artificial or not, nor is it even of principal importance whether, if it is artificial, it was deliberately released by the “world government” or not. The epidemic has begun - it is a fact. Now the main thing is to trace how the "world government" has reacted to it.To clarify, the "world government" is the totality of global political and economic elites and the intellectuals and media (mediacrats) that serve them. Such a "world government" necessarily exists, because on a global scale there are strictly-defined, fundamental norms that determine the basic parameters of politics, economics and ideology.In the economy, the only recognized norm is capitalism, the market economy (which is disputed only by North Korea - not, and this is very important, by China, which presents its own version of national state capitalism under the management of the Communist Party).In politics the only recognized norm is parliamentary liberal democracy, based on civil society being the subject and source of legality and legitimacy (besides North Korea, almost everyone is in agreement with this, although China interprets "civil society" in a special socialist and partly national-cultural optic and carries out mediacratic screening by means other than direct parliamentary elections; and some Islamic states - for example, Iran and the Gulf monarchies - have a number of special features. In ideology, everyone agrees with the arrangement that any individual has a number of inalienable rights (to life, freedom of conscience, freedom of movement, etc.) which all states and societies are obliged to guarantee.In essence, these are the three basic principles of the global world that emerged after the collapse. of the USSR and the victory of the capitalist West in the Cold War. The main players in politics, economics and ideology are concentrated in Western countries, which set the model for others. This is the core of the "world government". Inside this government, China is beginning to play an increasingly important role, towards which the elite of Russia and all other states are rushing.Whether the coronavirus is artificial is not so important. It does not matter whether the coronavirus was produced artificially and deliberately used by the "world government" in this sense.But it is this world, under the umbrella of such a "world government” with all three of its axiomatic foundations, that is collapsing before our very eyes. This is reminiscent of the end of the socialist camp, the bipolar world and the USSR, but then one of two worlds disappeared, while one remained and extended its rules to all others including its yesterday's opponents. Gorbachev himself wanted to get into the "world government" without dissolving the USSR, but he was not accepted. Nor were the pro-Western leaders of the Russian Federation who surrendered to the West accepted. They still are not. And now, today, this very "world government" is collapsing. Could it have voluntarily opted for liquidation? Hardly. But it reacted to the coronavirus as if to something inevitable, and this was a choice.There was freedom on whether or not to recognize the coronavirus as existing. And by the very fact of its recognition of the pandemic, the "world government" signed its own death sentence. Did it do so consciously? No more (or no less) consciously than Gorbachev in Perestroika. In the case of the USSR, one pole disappeared, while the other remained. Today the end of planetary liberal democracy means the end of everything. This system has no other paradigm - except for North Korea (which is still a pure anachronism, albeit a very interesting one) or China’s compromised version.Who should have defeated the coronavirus and how?The coronavirus has already struck a blow from which neither politics, economics, nor ideology will recover. The pandemic would have to have been dealt with by the existing institutions, in normal mode without changing the basic rules neither in politics (meaning no quarantine, no forced isolation, let alone a state of emergency);nor in the economy (no remote work, no stopping of production, exchanges and financial- industrial institutions or trading platforms, no vacation, etc.);nor in ideology (no restrictions, albeit temporary on essential civil rights, freedom of movement, the cancellation or postponement of elections, referenda, etc.).but all of this has already happened on a global scale, including in Western countries, i.e., in the territory of the "world government" itself. The very foundations of the global system have been suspended.This is how we see the ongoing situation. For the "world government" to take such a step, it had to be forced to do so. By whom? After all, there simply cannot be any higher instance of authority than modern materialistic, atheistic and rationalistic humanity.Liberalism as the final result of New Time. Let us postpone this question for later and now look at the larger historical trajectory of the modern liberal-democratic global system, that is, the government of the "liberal political elites" (parliamentarism), major economic players (oligarchs and transnational monopolies), the ideologists of the "open society" and the journalists who serve them (including moderators of sentiments on social networks and the Internet). The source of this system should be sought in the end of the Renaissance and in the “New Time” (early Modernity) that emerged therefrom, which saw a fundamental break with the Middle Ages with regard to the subject of power and, consequently, to its very nature. In the Middle Ages and in the society of Tradition overall, the legitimacy and legality of the political model of society were based on the transcendent - superhuman, divine - factor. The supreme subject of power and law was God, His revelations and the laws and settings established by Him, as well as those institutions which were considered to be his representatives on Earth: in the Christian world, these were the Church and the monarchical state. The New Time of Modernity abolished this vertical and set itself the goal of building a society on earthly foundations. Thus the main subject and source of legitimacy and legality became man, and the "celestial government" - the "supra-world government" - gave way to the "earthly government". Politics, economy and ideology changed accordingly: democracy,capitalism and civil society emerged.For several centuries, these principles fought against the old (medieval) order until the last empires - the Russian, Ottoman, Austrian and German - fell in the 20th century. However, liberal democracy still had to cope with such heretical (from the liberal point of view) versions of Modernity as communism and fascism, which in their own ways interpreted "civil society” and the human being as such: the former in class optics and the latter in national or racial terms. In 1945, the Communists and Liberals jointly ended fascism, and in 1991 the Communists fell. The liberals were the only ones left, and henceforth the "world government" turned from a plan into nearly a reality, as all countries and societies have recognized the standards of democracy, the market, and human rights. This is what Francis Fukuyama meant in his book The End of History and the Last Man. The history of this New Time began when the goal was set to replace the celestial subject with the earthly one, and it ended when this replacement was accomplished on a global scale.The end of the liberal world and its parallels with the end of the USSR. Today, instead of the end of history, that is, instead of the total triumph of liberal democracy, world capitalism and the ideology of the "open society" (rights of the human as an individual), we have collapsed into completely new conditions overnight. This is as unexpected as the end of the USSR. Even after 1991, many people could not believe that the Soviet system had disappeared, and some cannot even realize it now. Of course, the end of globalism was sensed by some critical thinkers: it was spoken of by conservatives, and the sharp rise of China, which represents a special model of globalism, Putin's refusal to cede power to the manipulable and controllable (as the West thought) Medvedev in 2012, and perhaps most importantly, Brexit and the rise of populism, could all be considered clear signs that, despite its proximity to the final point, globalism has not only been unable to effectively achieve the “end of history”, but is beginning to paradoxically move away from it. On a philosophical level, the postmodernists began to reflect on this, loudly proclaiming that something was wrong with Modernity.But history has no other way left: it must either move forward along the inertia which it has over the past few centuries, since New Time and the Enlightenment, or collapse. Everyone believed that somehow everything would resolve itself, and that the only thing that mattered was to effectively confront those who were categorized as the "enemies of open society”, i.e., Putin, Iran, Islamic fundamentalism, or the new rise of nationalist movements rapidly responding to the crisis of mass migration. In general, no one thought of an alternative, even consciously ruling out such. And that is why, in the moment of serious crisis, the global liberal system has failed and collapsed. Almost no-one has understood this yet, but it has already happened. And it has happened irrevocably. Coronavirus, by its very fact and especially by the way in which it has been responded to by the "world government", has become the end of the modern world.The end of "the Ego and Its Own"Does this mean that humanity will die? This is still unknown, but it cannot be ruled out. One can only guess whether it will perish or not. But what can already be said with certainty is that the global world order based on capitalism, liberal democracy and the principles of the sovereign individual (civil society, the open society) has already perished. It is gone, it has collapsed, although desperate efforts will still be undertaken to save it for some time to come. How they will be deployed and how long they will last is not crucial now. It cannot be ruled out that it will disappear altogether like smoke, just like the Soviet system dissolved in thin air.That which just a second ago was, was fleeting, as if it never was. It is much more important to look at what is coming to replace the old world order.The most important thing to understand is that it is not merely a technical failure in the system of global governance that has happened, but rather the resulting, final element of the entire historical process of Modernity, of New Time, over the course of which power was transferred from the celestial subject to the earthly one, and this subject itself - through the ideological and political battles of the last centuries, including the world hot and cold wars - moved towards a certain crystallization, that of parliamentary democracy, the global capitalist market and the individual endowed with rights. The whole system of modern global capitalism is built on the premise of "the Ego and its Own" (Max Stirner). The political rights of the "Ego" (the individual in complete isolation from nation, race, religion, sex, etc.) were fixed and entrenched in the global systems of political democracy. Economic rights were embodied in the norms of private property and market mechanisms. Thus, the source of political power reached its imminent limit: in liberalism and globalism, the last hints of verticality and “transcendence" which had been preserved still at the first stages of Modernity, in particular the structures of the state, were eliminated. Hence the globalist aspiration to abolish the sovereignty of the state and transfer its powers to the supranational level, thus legalizing the "world government", which de facto already exists. In other words, the political, economic, and ideological history of New Time moved towards a quite definite end, in which the purely human, immanent, individual subject would be finally formed and laid as the basis for political legitimization. Little was left to chance: the complete abolition of states which took place on the level of the European Union was to be repeated on a global scale.The cancelled finale of liberalism. This final moment, to which everything was headed, today is not merely postponed indefinitely, but is altogether cancelled. If political history could not reach this point without the coronavirus, then the whole process collapsed in the face of this epidemic. In order to effectively counteract the epidemic, the authorities of nearly all countries, including those of the West, have introduced compulsory quarantine with strict measures for its violation, or have outright declared emergency situations. The economic mechanisms of the global market have collapsed due to closure of borders, as have stock exchanges and financial institutions. The open society and unhindered migration have come into direct contradiction with basic sanitary standards. In fact, a dictatorial regime has rapidly been established all over the world, under which power has been transferred to a completely new entity. Neither "the Ego", nor "its Own", nor all of the world's giant superstructures that guaranteed their legal and legitimate rights and statuses are any longer considered the source of political power. What Giorgio Agamben has called the "naked life", i.e., the absolutely special, physical survival imperative that has nothing to do with the logic of liberal capitalism, has come to the foreground. Neither equality, rights, law, private property, collective decision-making, the system of mutual obligations, nor any other fundamental principle of liberal democracy has real power. Only those mechanisms that contribute to survival, to stopping infection and providing for the simplest, purely physiological, needs, are important now.But this means that the subject of power is radically changing. It is no longer the free society, nor the market, nor the humanist presumptions of the sovereign individual, nor guarantees of personal freedom and private life. All of this is to be sacrificed if the matter at hand is physical survival. Political rights are abolished, economic obligations are abolished, total surveillance and strict disciplinary control become the only overriding social norm.If the "world government" has gone into a state of emergency, proved unable to or did not even dare to bypass it, or was simply forced to accept it, then this means that the paradigm which just yesterday seemed to be unshakeable has been abandoned. And in this case, there is either no "world government" at all, and every society saves itself as it can, or the fundamental paradigm abruptly changes and turns into something else. Both in the first and in the second cases, the former order has collapsed, and something new is being built before our very eyes.Such radical conclusions are not just related to the scale of the pandemic, which is not even so great yet. Much more important is the perception of the epidemic by the power elites, who have so quickly and easily abandoned their seemingly inviolable foundations. That is the most fundamental thing. The measures aimed at combating the coronavirus have already undermined the foundations of liberal democracy and capitalism, rapidly abolishing the subject of power itself. From now on, the "ego and its own" is no longer the basis of legality and legitimacy: under the conditions of the State of Emergency, power is being transferred to another authority. Something new is becoming the bearer of sovereignty.So what is it?The coronavirus as the ruling subject: the secular gods of the plague. On the one hand, it could be said that the coronavirus itself (the virus has its "royal" name for a reason) is demonstrating a status unique to that of the subject. To better understand this, we can recall the ancient plague gods, who were considered formidable deities in the religious beliefs of the peoples of the Middle East. The peoples of Mesopotamia had Erra, Nergal, and others, and in the monotheistic traditions, in particular in Judaism, plagues were sent by the supreme deity, Yahweh, to punish the Jews for idolatry. In the Middle Ages, epidemics and plagues were considered signs of divine punishment. Traditional society can justifiably give the status of subjectivity to large-scale phenomena or link them to the divine element. However, in the New Time of Modernity, man held himself to be the complete master of life, hence the development of modern medicine, drugs, vaccines, etc. Therefore, it is as if the complete inability of governments to counteract the coronavirus today is casting mankind beyond the edge of New Time. But the God or gods to whom the modern virus plague could be ascribed and left to no longer exist. The modern world is convinced that the virus must have earthly, material and immanent origin. But what kind of materiality is stronger than man? Hereby arise the many conspiracy theories linking the origin of the virus to malefactors aspiring to establish their control over mankind. For the philosophers of "speculative realism," who for decades have been thinking about the need to replace humanity with a system of objects - whether Artificial Intelligence or cyborgs - the virus itself might very well be granted the status of sovereign actor, a kind of hyperobject (a la Morton) capable of subjugating the masses of beings to its will, as does mold, the rhizome, and so on. In other words, the collapse of the liberal model brings to the forefront the hypothesis of the post-human, post-humanist actor.Coronavirus, whose Latin name literally means “the crowned poison”, is thus (at least theoretically) a contender for the center of the new world system. If the main concern of mankind from now on will be to counteract the virus, fight against it, protect against it, etc., then the whole system of values, rules and guarantees will be rebuilt according to absolutely new principles and priorities. Speculative realists go even further and are ready to recognize in the hyperobject the presence of infernal entities of the ancient gods of chaos emerging out of the bottom of existence, but it is not necessary to go that far, insofar as, if we simply assume thatpolitical, economic and ideological rationality will henceforth be built around the counteraction of contagious viruses, we will live in a different - for example, in a hygienocentric - world, organized in a completely different way than the modern world. The "Ego", "its Own" and all the structures which guarantee them predictability, stability and protection, which elevate them to the status of the foundations of legality and legitimacy, will fall into the background, while the coronavirus or its analogue will establish a different hierarchy, a different political and economic ontology, a different ideology.The state vs. coronavirus. But which state?If we look at how the fight against coronavirus is unfolding today, we can notice an abruptly sharp increase in the role of the state, which over the course of globalization was considerably relegated to the back-burner. It is at the level of the state that decisions on quarantine, self- isolation, travel bans, restrictions on freedoms and economic measures, are being made. In fact, everywhere in the world - whether openly or by default - a state of emergency has been declared. According to the classics of political thought, and in particular Carl Schmitt, this means the establishment of a regime of dictatorship. The sovereign, according to Schmitt, is he who makes the decision in an emergency situation (Ernstfall), and today this is the state. However, it should not be forgotten that today’s state has until the altogether recent last moment been based on the principles of liberal democracy, capitalism, and the ideology of human rights. In other words, this state is, in some sense, deciding on the liquidation of its own philosophical and ideological basis (even if such are for now formalized, temporary measures, the Roman Empire still began with the temporary dictatorship of Caesar, which gradually became permanent). Thus, the state is rapidly mutating, just as the virus itself is mutating, and the state is following the coronavirus in this constantly evolving struggle, which is taking the situation ever further from the point of global liberal democracy. All the extant borders which until yesterday seemed to be erased or half-erased are once again gaining fundamental meaning - not only for those who are going to cross them, but also for those who simply have managed in time to return to their country. At the same time, in larger countries this fragmentation is being carried over to individual regions, where states of emergency are leading to the establishment of their own, regional dictatorships, which in turn will be strengthened as communication with the center becomes more difficult. Such fragmentation will continue all the way down to small towns and even individual households, where forced closure will open up new horizons and volumes of domestic violence.The state is taking upon itself the mission of fighting the coronavirus under certain conditions, but is waging this fight in already different circumstances. Over the course of this mission, all state institutions related to law, legality and economy are being transformed. Thus, the very introduction of quarantine completely overturns the logic of the market, according to which only the balance of supply and demand and the agreements concluded between employer and employee can regulate the relations between them. Bans on working for hygienic reasons are irrevocably collapsing the entire construction of capitalism. The suspension of freedom of movement, assembly and democratic procedures is blocking the institutions of political democracy and paralyzing individual freedoms.Post-liberal dictatorship. Over the course of this epidemic, a new state is emerging which is beginning to function with new rules. It is very likely that in the process of the state of emergency there will be a shift of power from formal rulers to technical and technological functionaries, e.g., the military, epidemiologists, and institutions especially created for such extreme circumstances. The physical threat which the virus poses to leaders is forcing them to be placed in special conditions that are not always compatible with full control over situations. As legal norms are suspended, new algorithms of behavior and new practices are beginning to be deployed. Thus is born the dictatorial state, which, unlike the liberal-democratic state, has completely different goals, foundations, principles and axioms. In this case, the "world government" is dissolved, because any supranational strategy loses all meaning. Power is rapidly moving to an ever lower level - but not to society and not to citizens, but to the military-technological and medical-sanitary level. A radically new rationality is gaining force - not the rationale of democracy, freedom, the market and individualism, but that of pure survival, for which responsibility is assumed by a subject combining direct power and the possession of technical, technological, and medical logistics. Moreover, in the network society, such is based on a system of total surveillance excluding any kind of privacy.Thus, if at one end we have the virus as the subject of transformation, then at the other end we have military-medical surveillance and punitive dictatorship fundamentally differing in all parameters from the state that we knew until yesterday. It is not at all guaranteed that such a state, in its fight against the secular "plague gods”, will precisely coincide with the borders of existing national entities. Since there will be no ideology or politics beyond the straightforward logic of survival, centralization itself will lose its meaning and its legitimacy.From civil society to "naked life”. Here once again let us recall the "naked life" of Giorgio Agamben, who in a similar vein and based on Schmitt's ideas on the "state of emergency" analyzed the situation in Nazi concentration camps, where the dehumanization of people attained the extreme, under which the "naked life" revealed itself. The “naked life” is not human life, but some other life that is beyond the limits of self-consciousness, personality, individuality, rights, and so on. Hence why Agamben has been more radical than others and opposed the measures taken against the coronavirus, preferring even death to the introduction of a state of emergency. He clearly saw that even a small step in this direction will change the entire structure of the world order. Entering the stage of dictatorship is easy, but exiting it is sometimes impossible.The "naked life” is the victim of the virus. It is not people, families, citizens, or private owners. Here there is neither one nor many. There is only the fact of infection, which can turn anyone - including oneself - into an other, and therefore into the enemy of "naked life.” And it is fighting this other, "naked life" that grants dictatorship the new status of the subject. Then, society itself, at the mercy of dictatorship, will be turned into “naked life” organized by the dictatorship in accordance with its own peculiar rationality. Out of fear of the coronavirus, people are ready to go for any of the steps of those who have taken upon themselves responsibility for the state of emergency.Thus, the fundamental split between the healthy and the sick, considered by Michel Foucault in his book "Discipline and Punish: The Birth of the Prison”, becomes even more impassable of a line than all the oppositions of the classical ideologies of Modernity, e.g., between the bourgeoisie and proletariat, the Aryans and Jews, the liberals and “enemies of the open society”, etc., and will see its dividing line set between the poles of the “naked life” and “medical technologists”, who have in their hands all the instruments of violence, surveillance, and authority. The difference between the already sick and the not yet sick which at first justified the new dictatorship will be erased, and the dictatorship of virologists, which has built new legitimacy on the basis of this distinction, will create a completely new model.The new dictatorship is neither fascism nor communism. This situation will seem to many to be reminiscent of fascism or communism, but these parallels are imaginary. Both fascism and communism represented types of “civil society”, albeit totalitarian ones, with pronounced ideologies which guaranteed civil rights - not to all, but to the significant and, de facto, overwhelming majority of their citizens. Liberalism, by reducing all identities down to the level of the individual, paved the way and created the preconditions for a special type of post-liberal dictatorship that, unlike communism and fascism, should have no ideology at all, insofar as it will have no reason to persuade, mobilize, or "seduce" the element of the “naked life". The "naked life” is already consciously ready to surrender to dictatorship, regardless of what it promises or insists on. The structures of such a dictatorship will be built on the basis of the fact that it opposes the virus, not on the basis of ideas and preferences. The military-medical hygienic dictatorship will be characterized by a post-liberal logic, for which the only operation will be rational treatment of the "naked life", the bearers of which have no rights at all and no identity. This order will be built along the infected vs. healthy watershed, and this dual code will be as powerful as it is obvious, with no need for any justification or argumentation.Artificial Intelligence and its enemies. Here the following consideration comes to mind: in the carriers of such a post-liberal anti-virus dictatorship, we see virtually no properly human traits. Any humanity would only hinder the most effective operation on the "naked life", and would thus represent a restless, trembling,survival-at-all-costs-seeking chaos. Consequently, Artificial Intelligence, abstract mechanical calculation, would cope best with this task. In military-medical dictatorship we see a distinct cybernetic dimension, something machine-like and mechanical. If the "naked life" is chaos, then there must be a cold mathematical order at the other pole. And from now on, its only legitimization will be not the consent of society, which loses everything but its survival instinct, but the very criterion of its ability to make balanced logical decisions without being affected by superfluous emotions and passions. Therefore, even if a military-medical hygienic dictatorship is established by people, sooner or later its main bearers will be machines.There will be no return Several conclusions can be drawn from this very preliminary analysis of the near future - the future that has already begun:It is impossible to go back to the world order that existed only recently and which seemed so familiar and natural that no one thought about its ephemerality. Liberalism either did not reach its natural end and the establishment of a "world government", or nihilistic collapse was its original goal, merely covered by increasingly less convincing and increasingly perverse "humanist" decor. Proponents of philosophical "accelerationism" speak of "Black Enlightenment," emphasizing this dark, nihilistic aspect of liberalism as representing merely the accelerated movement of man toward the abyss of post-humanism. But in any case, instead of "world government" and total democracy, we are entering an era of new fragmentation, of "closed societies" and radical dictatorship, perhaps exceeding Nazi concentration camps and the Soviet gulag.The end of globalization will not mean, however, a simple transition to the Westphalian system, to realism and a system of closed trade states (Fichte). Such would require the well- defined ideology that existed in early Modernity, but which was completely eradicated in late Modernity, and especially in Postmodernity. The demonization of anything remotely resembling “nationalism” or “fascism” has led to the total rejection of national identities, and now the severity of the biological threat and its crude physiological nature makes national myths superfluous. The military-medical dictatorship does not need additional methods to motivate the masses, and moreover, nationalism only enhances the dignity, self-consciousness and civil feeling of society which contradict the rules of the "naked life". For the society to come, there are only two criteria - healthy and sick. All other forms of identity, including national ones, have no meaning. Approximately the same was true for communism, which was also a motivating ideology that mobilized the consciousness of citizens to build a better society. All these ideologies are archaic, meaningless, redundant and counterproductive in the fight against coronavirus. Therefore, it would be wrong to see any "new fascism" or "new communism" in the impending post-liberal paradigm. It will be something else. It cannot be ruled out that this new stage will affect so greatly the life of humankind or what will remain of it that, having passed through all these trials and tribulations, mankind will be ready to accept any form of power, any ideology, and any order that will weaken the terror of the Artificial Intelligence-military-medical dictatorship. And then, in a cycle, we cannot rule out a return to the project of "world government", but this will already be on a completely different basis, because society will be irreversibly changed over the period of “quarantine". It will no longer be the choice of "civil society", but the cry of "naked life”, which will recognize any authority that can offer deliverance from the horror that has occurred. This would be the right time for what Christians call the "Antichrist" to appear.Exaggeration and the liquidation of leaders Is such an analytical forecast too much of a dramatized exaggeration? I think it is quite realistic, although, of course, "nobody knows the time", and in any situation everything might be postponed for some time. The epidemic could end abruptly and a vaccine will be found. But all that has al|0
Pls tell ur families, relatives and friendsMOH Health Bulletin to the Public: The Upper Respiratory Infection affecting China at present is quite serious. The virus causing it is very potent and is resistant to existing antibiotics. (virus is not bacterial infection hence cannot be treated by antibiotics). The prevention method now is to keep your throat moist, do not let your throat dry up. Thus do not hold your thirst because once your membrane in your throat is dried, the virus will invade into your body within 10 mins. Drink 50-80cc warm water, 30-50cc for kids, according to age. Everytime [sic] you feel your throat is dry, do not wait, keep water in hand. Do not drink plenty at one time as it does not help; instead, continue to keep throat moist. Till end of March, do not go to crowded places, wear mask as needed especially in train or public transportation. Avoid fried or spicy food and load up vitamin C. The symptoms/description are: Repeated high fever. 2. Prolonged coughing after fever. 3. Children are more prone. 4. Adults usually feel uneasy, headache and mainly respiratory related illness. This illness is highly contagious. Let’s continue to pray and wait for further notice about the infection. Please share. |0
China is conducting a clinical trial of 24,000 mg/day of intravenous vitamin C to treat patients with coronavirus and severe respiratory complications. Participants will receive IV vitamin C for 7 days straight at Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University. Honor and thanks are due to Zhiyong Peng, MD, for making this happen. He is chief physician and professor at the hospital, which is close to ground zero for coronavirus. This important study was filed and announced yesterday and details may be confirmed.At Zhongnan Hospital in Wuhan, China, 24,000 mg of vitamin C will be administered to coronavirus patients, intravenously, each day for 7 days.To fight a dangerous virus for which there is no existing medical treatment, you must rely on your own immune system. It is well established, in every nutrition textbook ever written, that you need vitamin C to make your immune system work well, or to even work at all. Inadequate vitamin C intake is a worldwide problem that can be immediately and economically fixed. With even modest amounts of supplemental vitamin C, deaths will decrease. In one study, a mere 200 mg of vitamin C/day resulted in an 80% decrease in deaths among severely ill, hospitalized respiratory disease patients. Another recent study used this same low 200 mg dose for infants and children under five years of age, with severe pneumonia. The authors concluded that "Vitamin C is effective in reducing duration of severe pneumonia in children less than five years of age. Oxygen saturation was improved in less than one day.A lack of vitamin C has been long known, literally for decades, to increase susceptibility to viruses. It is one thing to be sick from a virus and another thing entirely to die from a viral-instigated disease. The greatest danger with coronavirus is escalation to pneumonia. For this, much higher doses of vitamin C are indicated, preferably by IV.How to administer high-dose intravenous vitamin C in hospital, Chinese language edition, is now posted for free access. This information is now being publicized all over Asia. Just because it is not on the American news channels doesn't mean it's not happening. It is. This is real news. The fake news is the media's neglect in not reporting it. And here is the protocol in English, to make reporting all the easier|0
Robert F. Kennedy Jr. revealed disturbing information about Dr. Anthony Fauci’s medical career in the government, calling out the celebrated physician for a history of disturbing practices ranging from costly cover ups to outright fraud.Kennedy repeatedly slammed Fauci on the Thomas Paine Podcast on Wednesday, revealing disturbing information about Fauci’s problematic career steering key medical policy for the United States. Kennedy described Fauci as a workplace tyrant who has ruined careers of upstanding physicians and researchers in order to cover up scandals and costly medical research disasters at the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases where Fauci has served as director since 1984 as part of the National Institute of Health.“Tony Fauci didn’t want the American public to know that he has poisoned an entire generation of Americans,” Kennedy said, alleging Fauci targeted a whistleblower who was trying to uncover the blood supply in the country was tainted with deadly strains.Kennedy said Fauci ruined the physician’s career and covered up the crucial research. And that was just one of Kennedy’s attacks against Fauci. There were more. Kennedy also targeted Bill Gates, Big Pharma, the media, and more in this exclusive interview.|0
On 29 January WHO Director-General, Dr. Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, said that there was no reason to declare the outbreak of the coronavirus 2019-nCoV in China a pandemic risk. On 30 January, he declared the virus an international emergency, but made clear that there was no reason for countries to issue travel-advisories against travelling to China. Let me speculate – the ‘international emergency’ was declared at the request of Washington, and the comment against the travel-advisory was an addition by Dr. Tedros himself, as he realized that there was indeed no reason for panic, that China is doing wonders in stemming the virus from spreading and in detecting the virus early on.In fact, Dr. Tedros has himself, as well as other high-ranking WHO officials, on various occasions praised China for her effort to contain the virus, the speed with which Wuhan (population of 11 million, capital of the center-eastern Province of Hubei) and China as a whole has reacted to the outbreak. The latest achievement – in 8 days China has built in Wuhan a 25,000 m2 special hospital for treatment of the coronavirus 2019-nCoV and possible mutations, with 1,000 beds, and for about 1,400 medical personnel, for a budget of the equivalent of US$ 43 million – equipped with state-of-the-art medical technology. No other country in the world would have been capable of such an achievement.Nevertheless, and against WHO’s guidance, Washington immediately advised its citizens not to travel to China, and withdrew non-essential staff from US consulates and the Embassy in Beijing, thereby triggering an avalanche of similar reactions among Washington vassals around the globe – i.e. most of the European countries did likewise, many of them canceled their flights to China, as did of course the US. For some reasons I have yet to understand, Russia closed her 4,200 km long border with China. Would Russia fall to the western panic-mongering propaganda hype? – Hard to believe. But then what is the reason?The NYT and WashPo are on a vicious daily campaign to slander and vilify China with lies and manipulated information on how badly China is managing the disease, when the complete opposite is the case. Compare this to the common flu epidemic, that hits the US and most of the western countries, despite the fact that the US and Europe have virtually implemented carpet vaccination (in some US States and EU countries even compulsory).Yet, this 2019 / 2020 flu season which is far from over, has so far claimed more than 8,400 lives alone in the US, more than 140,000 hospitalizations and more than 8 million infected people. The US has about 330 million people. Compare this to China’s 1.4 billion population – with, as of 3 February, an infection rate of less than 21,000, a death toll of 425 in China, and outside of China reported two, one in Hong Kong, another one in the Philippines.Expand these statistics to Europe and you find similar figures. Of course, nobody talks about it. This is an annual occurrence – a bonanza for the western pharma industry. In the west, disease is business. The more the merrier. Once you are in the “medical mill”, it’s difficult to escape. “Specialists’ find always another reason to send you yet to another “specialist” – for another treatment. The ignorant patient has no option than to obey – after all its his health and life. In China it is the total opposite. The Chinese system does everything for its population’s health and well-being.Yet, China bashing in one way or another seems to intensify by the day. Yesterday, 3 February, the UN in Geneva has issued an edict that all UN employees returning from China must stay home and work from home for 14 days, i.e. a dictated self-quarantine. And new contracts for Chinese staff will be temporarily suspended. This is all propaganda against China.Quarantine is absolutely not necessary. Chinese biologists of the Office of Science and Technology of the city of Wuxi (south-eastern Jiangsu province, near Shanghai) have developed a test kit that can detect the 2019-nCoV virus within 8 – 15 minutes, similar to a pregnancy test. This test kit is available to the world. In fact, it has been used to test an airline crew member arriving from New York at the Zurich airport and feeling ill. Within less than an hour, the crew member was sent home – it was the common flu.In China, where by now scientific evidence is mounting that the disease – like all the coronaviral diseases, including the 2019-nCoV predecessor SARS (Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome, 2002 / 2003 also in China), and its Middle East equivalent, MERS (Middle East Respiratory Syndrome) are not only laboratory fabricated, but also patented. And so are many others, for example, Ebola and HIV. Both, SARS and 2019-nCoV are not only man-made, but they are also focusing on the Chinese race. That’s why you find very few people infected in the 18 countries where the coronavirus has spread.It sounds like a strange coincidence that in October 2019 a simulation with precisely the coronavirus was carried out at the John Hopkins Institute in the US, funded by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, the WEF (World Economic Forum), as well as the Pirbright Institute of the UK, one of the world’s few level 4 (highest security level) bio-warfare laboratories.The west’s ‘demolition’ priority seems to have shifted drastically from Russia to China. Why? – Because China is an ever-stronger economic power, soon to surpass the United States in absolute terms. Since mid-2017, China is already number one, measured by the PPP (Purchasing Power Parity) indicator, indeed the most important one, because it demonstrates what people can actually buy with the money.China’s currency, the Yuan, is also advancing rapidly as a reserve currency, gradually replacing the US-dollar. When that happens, that real money, like the Chinese Yuan, based on a hard economy and covered by gold, against a “fake” fiat currency (based on nothing), like the US-dollar, is taking the lead, then the US-dollar hegemony is broken and the US economy doomed.To prevent that from happening Washington is doing everything possible to destabilize China – see Hong Kong, Taiwan, the Uyghurs in China’s western Xinjiang Province, Tibet, the infamous Trump-inspired “tariff war” – and now the new coronavirus outbreak. The death toll is at present about 2.1% (of total cases of infection), down from 2.3% a week ago.But that and the constant bashing with negative western propaganda, travel bans, border closures, flight bans – and more – plus the disease itself, the medical care, work absenteeism, medication and medical equipment, not to forget the specially-built 1,000-bed emergency hospital in Wuhan – and an 8% average decline at the Shanghai stock exchange, bear a considerable economic cost for China. So much so, that the People’s Bank of China (PBC) has recently injected some 1.2 billion yuan (about US$ 174 million equivalent) into the economy.This new coronavirus, 2019-nCoV, may just be a trial. Imagine a stronger mutation of a coronavirus would be implanted into the Chinese population, say with a mortality rate of 10% to 20% or higher – it could cause real havoc. However, a stronger version may not be so easily controllable and directable – i.e. towards the Chinese race – and may risk spreading to the Caucasian race as well – meaning the executioner would risk committing mass suicide.Remember the Spanish flu pandemic of 1918, the deadliest in history, infected an estimated 500 million people worldwide – at that time about one-third of the planet’s population – and killed at least 50 million people (a death rate of 10%), including some 700,000 Americans.While preparing for the worst, because Washington – with the help of its level 4 bio-war lab –  will not let go easily, China’s approach of endless inventive creation, avoiding conflicts, will outlive the aggressor.|0
There has been a dramatic and quantum leap in the last six months with the electrification of the earth. And I'm sure a lot of you know what that is. It's called 5G, where they now have 20,000 radiation emitting satellites just like the radiation emitting thing in your pocket and on your wrist and that you use all the time. That is not compatible with health.Every pandemic in the last 150 years, there was a quantum leap in the electrification of the earth. In 1918, late fall of 1917, there was the introduction of radio waves around the world. Whenever you expose any biological system to a new electromagnetic field, you poison it, you kill some, and the rest go into a kind of suspended animation so that, interestingly, they live a little bit longer and sicker.|0
Research indicates that children and adolescents are just as likely to become infected as any other age group and can spread the disease.Evidence to date suggests that children and young adults are less likely to get severe disease, but severe cases can still happen in these age groups.Children and adults should follow the same guidance on self-quarantine and self-isolation if there is a risk they have been exposed or are showing symptoms. It is particularly important that children avoid contact with older people and others who are at risk of more severe disease.|1
It’s entirely understandable that the national conversation has turned to a single question: “When can we get back to normal?” The shutdown has caused immeasurable pain in jobs lost, people isolated and worsening inequity. People are ready to get going again.Unfortunately, although we have the will, we don’t have the way — not yet. Before the United States and other countries can return to business and life as usual, we will need some innovative new tools that help us detect, treat and prevent covid-19.It begins with testing. We can’t defeat an enemy if we don’t know where it is. To reopen the economy, we need to be testing enough people that we can quickly detect emerging hotspots and intervene early. We don’t want to wait until the hospitals start to fill up and more people die.Innovation can help us get the numbers up. The current coronavirus tests require that health-care workers perform nasal swabs, which means they have to change their protective gear before every test. But our foundation supported research showing that having patients do the swab themselves produces results that are just as accurate. This self-swab approach is faster and safer, since regulators should be able to approve swabbing at home or in other locations rather than having people risk additional contact.Another diagnostic test under development would work much like an at-home pregnancy test. You would swab your nose, but instead of sending it into a processing center, you’d put it in a liquid and then pour that liquid onto a strip of paper, which would change color if the virus was present. This test may be available in a few months.We need one other advance in testing, but it’s social, not technical: consistent standards about who can get tested. If the country doesn’t test the right people — essential workers, people who are symptomatic and those who have been in contact with someone who tested positive — then we’re wasting a precious resource and potentially missing big reserves of the virus. Asymptomatic people who aren’t in one of those three groups should not be tested until there are enough for everyone else.The second area where we need innovation is contact tracing. Once someone tests positive, public-health officials need to know who else that person might have infected. For now, the United States can follow Germany’s example: interview everyone who tests positive and use a database to make sure someone follows up with all their contacts. This approach is far from perfect, because it relies on the infected person to report their contacts accurately and requires a lot of staff to follow up with everyone in person. But it would be an improvement over the sporadic way that contact tracing is being done across the United States now. An even better solution would be the broad, voluntary adoption of digital tools. For example, there are apps that will help you remember where you have been; if you ever test positive, you can review the history or choose to share it with whoever comes to interview you about your contacts. And some people have proposed allowing phones to detect other phones that are near them by using Bluetooth and emitting sounds that humans can’t hear. If someone tested positive, their phone would send a message to the other phones, and their owners could get tested. If most people chose to install this kind of application, it would probably help some.Naturally, anyone who tests positive will immediately want to know about treatment options. Yet, right now, there is no treatment for covid-19. Hydroxychloroquine, which works by changing the way the human body reacts to a virus, has received a lot of attention. Our foundation is funding a clinical trial that will give an indication whether it works on covid-19 by the end of May, and it appears the benefits will be modest at best. But several more-promising candidates are on the horizon. One involves drawing blood from patients who have recovered from covid-19, making sure it is free of the coronavirus and other infections, and giving the plasma (and the antibodies it contains) to sick people. Several major companies are working together to see whether this succeeds. Another type of drug candidate involves identifying the antibodies that are most effective against the novel coronavirus, and then manufacturing them in a lab. If this works, it is not yet clear how many doses could be produced; it depends on how much antibody material is needed per dose. In 2021, manufacturers may be able to make as few as 100,000 treatments or many millions.If, a year from now, people are going to big public events — such as games or concerts in a stadium — it will be because researchers have discovered an extremely effective treatment that makes everyone feel safe to go out again. Unfortunately, based on the evidence I’ve seen, they’ll likely find a good treatment, but not one that virtually guarantees you’ll recover.That’s why we need to invest in a fourth area of innovation: making a vaccine. Every additional month that it takes to produce a vaccine is a month in which the economy cannot completely return to normal. The new approach I’m most excited about is known as an RNA vaccine. (The first covid-19 vaccine to start human trials is an RNA vaccine.) Unlike a flu shot, which contains fragments of the influenza virus so your immune system can learn to attack them, an RNA vaccine gives your body the genetic code needed to produce viral fragments on its own. When the immune system sees these fragments, it learns how to attack them. An RNA vaccine essentially turns your body into its own vaccine manufacturing unit. There are at least five other efforts that look promising. But because no one knows which approach will work, a number of them need to be funded so they can all advance at full speed simultaneously. Even before there’s a safe, effective vaccine, governments need to work out how to distribute it. The countries that provide the funding, the countries where the trials are run, and the ones that are hardest-hit will all have a good case that they should receive priority. Ideally, there would be global agreement about who should get the vaccine first, but given how many competing interests there are, this is unlikely to happen. Whoever solves this problem equitably will have made a major breakthrough.World War II was the defining moment of my parents’ generation. Similarly, the coronavirus pandemic — the first in a century — will define this era. But there is one big difference between a world war and a pandemic: All of humanity can work together to learn about the disease and develop the capacity to fight it. With the right tools in hand, and smart implementation, we will eventually be able to declare an end to this pandemic — and turn our attention to how to prevent and contain the next one.|1
5G SYNDROME GOES GLOBAL. Wuhan coronavirus pandemic STAGED to cover-up the public health crisis caused by the intensive 5G roll-out in Wuhan in 2019. “China was long ago set to be the 5G showcase for the world. Major metro areas and technology hubs like Wuhan were selected to be official 5G Demonstration Zones. Only such a high concentration of 5G radio-frequency transmitters and microwave towers would permit a citywide build-out of the Internet of Things. 2019 was the year Wuhan, the capital of Hubei, was “expected to have 10,000 5G base stations by the end of 2019, said Song Qizhu, head of Hubei Provincial Communication Administration”. Then the coronavirus hit, so the whole world was told. What really happened was that a new variant of the coronavirus was released in Wuhan after the 5G experimenters saw an epidemic of 5G Syndrome explode. The 5G guinea pigs were literally dropping like flies as soon as they flipped the 5G switch. The ERs and urgent care clinics were overwhelmed. The 5G scientists watching the burgeoning public health crisis immediately activated Plan B:Blame it on a virulent flu—a bioengineered coronavirus that produces symptoms similar to 5G Syndrome.”Intelligence Analyst and Former U.S. Army Officer.The New World Order globalist cabal will not allow anything to impede the military deployment of 5G worldwide.That’s it!|0
Loss of smell or taste have been added to the UK's list of coronavirus symptoms that people should be aware of and ready to act upon.What are the coronavirus symptoms?Scientific advisers told the UK government to update its advice. It now says the symptoms to look out for are:A new, continuous cough.Fever.Loss of smell or taste.If you, or someone you live with, has any of these symptoms the advice is stay at home to stop the risk of giving coronavirus to others.The cough is a new, continuous one, where you cough a lot for more than an hour, or have three or more coughing episodes in 24 hours. You have a fever if your temperature is above 37.8C.The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's list of symptoms also includes chills, repeated shaking, muscle pain and sore throat.It takes five days on average to start showing the symptoms, but some people will get them much later. The World Health Organization says incubation lasts up to 14 days.When do people need to go to hospital?The majority of people with coronavirus will recover after rest and pain relief (such as paracetamol).The main reason people need hospital treatment is difficulty breathing.Doctors may scan the lungs to see how badly they are affected and give support, such as oxygen or ventilation, if needed.However, people should not go to A&E if they are concerned. In the UK, the NHS 111 website will guide you through what to do.If you are so breathless that you are unable to speak more than a few words you will be told to call 999, as this is a medical emergency.If you become so ill that you've stopped doing all of your usual daily activities then it will advise speaking to a nurse by dialling NHS 111.What happens in intensive care?Intensive care units are specialist wards for people who are very ill.Coronavirus patients will get oxygen support, which can involve using a facemask or a tube in the nose.The most invasive way - for the most seriously ill patients - is ventilation where air, with increased levels of oxygen, is pushed into the lungs via a tube in the mouth, nose or through a small cut in the throat.What should I do if I have mild symptoms?Patients with mild symptoms should self-isolate at home for at least seven days.People are advised not to ring NHS 111 to report their symptoms unless they are worried. They should also not go to their GP, or A&E.Details for Scotland are to check NHS inform, then ring your GP in office hours, or 111 out-of-hours. In Wales call NHS 111, and in Northern Ireland, call your GP.If you have come into contact with somebody who may be infected, you may be told to self-isolate.The World Health Organization has also issued advice for the public.Older people, and those with pre-existing medical conditions (such as asthma, diabetes, heart disease, high blood pressure), are more likely to become severely ill. Men are at slightly higher risk of dying from the virus than women.Work to develop a vaccine is under way. How do I protect myself?The best thing is regular and thorough hand washing, preferably with soap and water.Coronavirus spreads when an infected person coughs or sneezes small droplets - packed with the virus - into the air. These can be breathed in, or cause an infection if you touch a surface they have landed on, then your eyes, nose or mouth.So, coughing and sneezing into tissues, not touching your face with unwashed hands, and avoiding close contact with infected people are important.People will be most infectious when they have symptoms, but some may spread the virus even before they are sick.In England and Scotland, people are being advised to wear face masks in shops and on public transport to help prevent the spread of the virus.|1
Contract tracing is a core public health function that public health agencies have done for years. Diagnostic tests can confirm whether a person is infected with an illness. Contact tracing involves finding out who the infected person had contacts with so that those individuals can be alerted that they are at a risk of developing the illness and at risk of potentially infecting others in the community.During contact tracing, the contacts of the infected person are generally called up, asked if they're feeling sick, and advised to self-quarantine for a period of time. During the quarantine period, the health of the contacts can be monitored and health care or other services could be provided to them if they do develop symptoms. Also, it is important to make sure that people who have been exposed to the illness are not circulating in the community and further spreading the disease.|1
The EU is failing to deal with the pandemic; the Union is about to collapse. EU is “dismantling” in the face of COVID-19|0
Corona virus before it reaches the lungs it remains in the throat for four days and at this time the person begins to cough and have throat pains. If he drinks water a lot and gargling with warm water & salt or vinegar eliminates the virus|0
There is no evidence that sun exposure kills the 2019 coronavirus. UNICEF has debunked a post that claims the organization said sunlight is effective against the virus.There is evidence that viruses don’t like heat. President Trump has said coronavirus infections could slow with warmer weather, but some experts doubt that prediction.A few of the best ways to prevent the coronavirus are to wash your hands with soap and water, avoid touching your face and disinfect surfaces in your home daily.|1
Even though a vaccine could be more than a year away, researchers are experimenting with drugs and therapies to help ease the strain on overwhelmed healthcare systems.Currently, there are more than 70 vaccine candidates in development around the world.Here are 20 of the most promising drugs, therapies and vaccines.With much of the world living in lockdown, the spread of the new coronavirus, SARS-CoV-2, that was first detected in China late last year is beginning to slow in some places. As of April 19, 2.4 million had been infected and 165,000 killed by COVID-19, the disease caused by the virus.While a safe, effective vaccine is still more than a year away, researchers are rushing to repurpose existing drugs and non-drug therapies as well as testing promising experimental drugs that were already in clinical trials.Even moderately effective therapies or combinations could dramatically reduce the crushing demand on hospitals and intensive care units, changing the nature of the risk the new pathogen represents to populations and healthcare systems. New drugs, together with new diagnostics, antibody tests, patient- and contact-tracing technologies, disease surveillance and other early-warning tools, mean the anticipated next 'wave' of the global pandemic does not have to be nearly as bad as the first.More than 70 vaccine candidates are also in development around the world, with at least five in preliminary testing in people. Here are some of the drugs, vaccines and other therapies in development:Have you read? Why vaccines are the only real solution to pandemics, according to Gavi. Bill Gates is funding new factories for potential coronavirus vaccines. Why a coronavirus vaccine takes over a year to produce – and why that is incredibly fast. 1. GILEAD SCIENCES: Remdesivir. Type: Drug. Status: Repurposed experimental. Early results: 0-3 Months.Antiviral drug, originally developed to combat RNA viruses including respiratory syncytial virus. At least 13 trials underway in China, Europe and the United States with preliminary results from two Chinese trials expected as soon as April 2020. A February assessment by the WHO flagged this candidate as the most promising for battling COVID-19.Caveats. Initial data are expected to come from studies of patients with relatively severe COVID-19. Because antivirals work best when patients are healthier, those results may show limited effectiveness.2. Hydroxychloroquine / chloroquine. Type: Drug. Status: Repurposed. Early results: 0-3 Months.Malaria drug also believed to have antiviral activity. Blocked SARS-CoV-2 entry into cells in an in-vitro experiment. In one small French study, some COVID-19 patients showed improvements but there was no way to know if the drug was the reason. Results published in April from another study in France and one in China found no benefit in patients treated with the drug. Dozens more clinical studies are underway around the world.3. ROCHE: Actemra (tocilizumab). Type: Drug. Status: Repurposed. Early results: 0-3 Months.Monoclonal antibody approved for rheumatoid arthritis and also for treating the "cytokine storm" immune overresponse in cancer patients. Fifteen registered trials in China, Europe and the United States are testing it on COVID-19 patients, alone or in comparison to other therapies. One French trial is looking at 28-day effects on COVID-19 in patients with advanced or metastatic cancer.4. SANOFI, REGENERON PHARMACEUTICALS: Kevzara (sarilumab). Type: Drug. Status: Repurposed. Early results: 0-3 Months.Monoclonal antibody approved for inflammatory arthritis, and in trials targeting the "cytokine storm" immune response in severely ill COVID-19 patients. Regeneron's chief scientific officer has said initial data on effectiveness could come by late April.5. NOVARTIS, INCYTE: Jakavi (ruxolitinib). Type: Drug. Status: Repurposed. Early results: 0-3 Months.Developed to treat inflammatory and autoimmune diseases, and in late-stage development as a cream for atopic dermatitis. One trial each in Canada and Mexico will test the drug in COVID-19 patients with severe respiratory symptoms associated with the "cytokine storm" immune response, with preliminary results expected by June 2020. In the United States, Novartis established a managed access program for use in severe/very severe COVID-19 illness on April 7.6. MODERNA/NIAID: mRNA 1273. Type: Vaccine. Status: Experimental. Early results: 0-3 Months.RNA vaccine made with messenger-RNA (mRNA) encoding the spike protein of SARS-CoV-2 encapsulated in a lipid nanoparticle. The phase 1 trial with 45 subjects aged 18-55 at three locations in the United States will evaluate the vaccine's safety and provide early data on the immune response it induces. Trial completion is anticipated to be June 1, 2020.7. Convalescent plasma.Type: Non-drug therapy. Early results: 0-3 Months.Blood plasma from recovered COVID-19 patients is transfused into patients who are currently ill, in the hope the freshly-made antibodies it contains will help fight the virus. The method has been used for more than 100 years and carries little risk of harm or side effects. Small case studies suggest it may help reduce virus levels, and controlled trials are in progress in China, Europe and the United States to gather stronger evidence for a benefit. Results published in April from a study in 10 patients with severe illness in China found significant improvement compared to similar patients who did not receive the treatment.Caveats. Immediately available and already in limited use, but supply of plasma from recovered patients may not be sufficient to meet all needs. Further studies of recovered patients must also determine if everyone produces a full immune response to the infection, including "neutralizing antibodies," at sufficiently high levels to become donors.8. ABBVIE: Kaletra (lopinavir/ritonavir). Type: Drug. Status: Repurposed. Early results: 0-3 Months.Antiviral combination used to treat and prevent HIV infections. More than twenty trials around the world are testing the drug as a COVID-19 treatment or post-exposure prophylaxis for people with high-risk close contact with a confirmed case. Initial results expected as soon as May 2020.Caveats. One randomized controlled trial in China published results in March showing no differences in viral load or 28-day mortality among 199 patients. Median time to clinical improvement was one day shorter in patients taking the drug. However the same investigators, doctors at Jinyintan Hospital in Wuhan, said in April that they believe Kaletra, as well as a second drug, bismuth potassium citrate, helped some of the COVID-19 patients they treated.9. CHONGQING PUBLIC HEALTH MEDICAL CENTER, CHONGQING SIDEMU BIOTECHNOLOGY TECHNOLOGY CO.,LTD: NKG2D-ACE2 CAR-NK cells Type: Non-drug therapy. Status: Experimental. Early results: 0-3 Months.NKG2D receptor for the immune system's natural killer (NK) cells paired with the ACE-2 receptor that the coronavirus uses to enter human cells. A multicenter Phase 1/2 trial in 90 patients is testing whether this cell therapy can prevent the SARS-CoV-2 virus from entering cells and multiplying, and will look at efficacy over 28 days in patients with severe or critical COVID-19 pneumonia.10. NOVAVAX: NVX-CoV2373. Type: Vaccine. Status: Experimental. Early results: 0-3 Months.Novavax said its Matrix-M adjuvant would be used with the vaccine candidate - NVX-CoV2373 - to enhance immune responses. Trials in 130 adults is expected to begin in mid-May with preliminary immunogenicity and safety results in July, according to the company.Caveats. Strong immunogenicity in animal tests, but might require two doses in humans, which would limit supply.11. APEIRON BIOLOGICS: RhACE2 APN01. Type: Drug. Status: Experimental. Early results: 3-6 Months.A recombinant human angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (rhACE2) under Phase-2 clinical development in ALI (Acute Lung Injury) and PAH (Pulmonal arterial hypertension). This synthetic version of the human protein that the novel coronavirus uses to enter cells is being tested in Austria to see if it can block viral entry and decrease viral replication in COVID-19 patients, reducing deaths or need for mechanical ventilation. Preliminary results from the trial that was announced on April 2 are expected in September 2020.12. SHENZHEN GENO-IMMUNE MEDICAL INSTITUTE: Lentiviral Minigene Vaccines (LV-SMENP).Type: Vaccine. Status: Experimental. Early results: 3-6 Months.Engineered minigenes encoding viral antigens; lentiviral vector designed to infect dendritic and T cells to induce immunity. The trial in 100 adults in Shenzen, China, is expected to be complete by July 31, 2020.13. MURDOCH CHILDREN'S RESEARCH INSTITUTE; UMC UTRECHT: BCG tuberculosis vaccine. Type: Vaccine. Status: Repurposed. Early results: 3-6 Months.Bacillus Calmette-Guérin tuberculosis vaccine that induces a broad innate immune-system response, which has been shown to protect against infection or severe illness with other respiratory pathogens. Large trials in Australia and the Netherlands are testing whether using BCG to rev-up immune defenses in health workers and the elderly reduces unplanned absenteeism, respiratory illnesses including COVID-19, severe illnesses and deaths. Two additional trials by the Max Planck Institute in Germany of a TB vaccine candidate, VPM1002, are in the works.14. INOVIO PHARMACEUTICALS, COALITION FOR EPIDEMIC PREPAREDNESS INNOVATIONS (CEPI): INO-4800. Type: Vaccine. Status: Experimental. Early results: 3-6 Months.DNA plasmid vaccine delivered into the skin via a patch-style electroporation device. A clinical trial launched on April 3 could yield preliminary data by late summer, according to the company, which has said it can manufacture 1 million doses by year-end for additional trials and emergency use.15. UNIVERSITY OF AARHUS, DENMARK: Camostat mesylate.Type: Drug. Status: Repurposed. Early results: 6-12 Months.Protease inhibitor licensed in Japan and South Korea to treat chronic pancreatitis. In vitro experiments found it blocks a mechanism SARS-Cov-2 uses to enter human cells. As of early April, an estimated 180 COVID-19 patients aged 18-110 were being recruited at nine locations in Denmark for a phase 2a trial that will examine 30-day changes in disease severity and mortality, with results expected by December 2020. The University of Tokyo also announced plans for a trial of camostat mesylate and a related drug, nafamostat mesylate, starting as early as April 2020.16. INFLARX: IFX-1. Type: Drug. Status: Experimental. Early results: 6-12 Months.Monoclonal antibody targeting complement activation product C5a. Designed to block a mechanism of inflammation, the drug is also in clinical trials for Hidradenitis Suppurativa, ANCA-associated vasculitis and Pyoderma Gangraenosum. In early April, a trial in the Netherlands launched to test IFX-1 in patients with severe COVID-19 pneumonia, with preliminary results expected in late October 2020.17. CANSINO BIOLOGICAL INC./BEIJING INSTITUTE OF BIOTECHNOLOGY: AD5-nCov. Type: Vaccine. Status: Experimental. Early results: 6-12 Months.Non-replicating viral vector. A single-center phase 1 trial with 108 subjects aged 18-60 in Wuhan, Hubei, China, started in March to test the safety and immune responses generated by a recombinant vaccine that uses another respiratory virus, adenovirus, as a vector. On April 12, a randomized controlled phase 2 trial with 500 participants launched to test varying doses against placebo. Phase 1 completion is in late December 2020, and phase 2 results are expected in January 2021.18. IMPERIAL COLLEGE LONDON: Aspirin, Clopidogrel, Rivaroxaban, Atorvastatin, Omeprazole. Type: Drug. Early results: 9-12 Months.Trial of cardioprotective drugs to prevent direct damage to the heart muscle that appears to drive the severity of COVID-19 in certain patients as well as their likelihood of needing invasive critical care. The trial will include more than 3,000 patients in the United Kingdom, with a completion date of March 30, 2021.19. UNIVERSITY OF OXFORD: ChAdOx1. Type: Vaccine. Status: Experimental. Early results: 12-18 Months.Non-replicating chimpanzee adenovirus vector. Phase 1/2 trial with 510 subjects aged 18-55 at four centers in the United Kingdom. The trial will test safety and immunogenicity of one or two doses of the vaccine, and is expected to be completed in May 2021.20. Serology / Antibody Testing.Type: Testing. Status: Experimental. Early results: 0-12 Months.Governments and academic groups have started to test blood for antibodies indicating that a person has been exposed to the new virus, with or without showing symptoms. The presence of antibodies indicates past infection, but separate, ongoing research is needed to know what type and concentration of virus-neutralizing antibodies protect against a new infection, whether all infections produce a full antibody response, and how long protection might last.Wide serology testing for antibodies will soon provide a broader understanding of the scope and dynamics of the pandemic, help identify which recovered patients may have some immunity to reinfection and for how long, and also help identify the neutralizing antibodies that could become templates for monoclonal antibody therapies as well as models for desired responses from a vaccine candidate. Data from serology testing are expected to begin appearing within weeks.Caveats.Early data on COVID-19 patients in China suggests that most develop varying amounts of antibodies in response to infection. One pre-publication report analyzed plasma from 175 patients and found that a sign of inflammation correlated with higher antibody titers and that younger patients were less likely to produce large amounts of antibodies.Experts think instances of "reinfection" in recovered patients are more likely relapses in patients whose bodies had not cleared the virus. Data is still lacking on whether mild or symptomless infections generate meaningful antibody responses or protection.|1
The answer depends on whether you're looking at the fatality rate (the risk of death among those who are infected) or the total number of deaths. So far, influenza has caused far more total deaths this flu season, both in the US and worldwide, than COVID-19. This is why you may have heard it said that the flu is a bigger threat.Regarding the fatality rate, it appears that the risk of death with the pandemic coronavirus infection (commonly estimated at about 1%) is far less than it was for SARS (approximately 11%) and MERS (about 35%), but will likely be higher than the risk from seasonal flu (which averages about 0.1%). We will have a more accurate estimate of fatality rate for this coronavirus infection once testing becomes more available.What we do know so far is the risk of death very much depends on your age and your overall health. Children appear to be at very low risk of severe disease and death. Older adults and those who smoke or have chronic diseases such as diabetes, heart disease, or lung disease have a higher chance of developing complications like pneumonia, which could be deadly.|1
The uneven spread of the novel coronavirus around the world was clustered in several hot pockets while leaving other areas with scant outbreaks. This pattern developed in China, with the epicenter of Wuhan City in Hubei province owning, at one time, more than 99% of the cases and deaths over the rest of the country of 1.4 billion people.Outside the mainland, Taiwan and Hong Kong have not experienced the runaway infections or deaths that China did, with the latter twice experiencing the restart of last year’s protests. Although the coronavirus spread fast in South Korea and Japan in the beginning, both outbreaks were extinguished.In South Korea, the vectors for two of the country’s four clusters came from a Wuhan branch of a cult church and a Catholic church pilgrimage returning from Israel. Since then, South Korea has moved aggressively to defuse new clusters by radically testing people and disinfecting mass transit systems daily. With more than 9,100 cases and 126 deaths, and with one-third recovered, Korea has fewer cases and deaths than New York City. Today, South Korea also boasts the fewest number of new coronavirus cases, according to the BBC.Japan took a different route with the novel virus. Japan has only 1,200 cases and 130 deaths. A total of 712 infections came from one supercluster in the Diamond Princess cruise ship, docked in Yokohama. That’s more than half of the entire country.The International Olympic Committee recently canceled the Tokyo Summer Olympics. The cancellation isn’t due to the outbreak in Japan, but likely from so many nations battling the virus.The New Epicenter of Northern Italy.In March, the COVID-19 outbreak shifted from China to Northern Italy. Soon after, the entire nation of 60 million was placed under strict quarantine. Social distancing turned into permission slips to leave one’s home. Despite the containment efforts, the virus hit Italy very hard. It emptied streets, stopped life as Italians knew it while killing more than 7,500 people out of 75,000 total infected.On the first weekend of spring, images emerged from Italy, showing similar scenes of horror. Scenes that were eerily reminiscent of Wuhan: people walking down the street, collapsing dead without any external force. Dozens of such videos and photos showed the fallen people spread eagle, flat on their backs, face down on sidewalks. Lifeless. No blood splatter. Outside of one similar case in New York City, no other place in the world has produced such anomalies.Why?What causes people, who appear to be fit, to keel over without a seizure or to tremble suddenly? What is the underlying cause? And what makes Wuhan and Northern Italy different than other parts of the world? So different that COVID-19 kills people with no apparent explanation?Why Wuhan?In 2018, China’s Ministry of Industry and Information Technology selected Wuhan as a pilot city for the “Made in China 2025” plan. The overarching goal aimed at the industrial city of 11 million to become the world’s Internet of Things mecca. The goal? A 5G smart city that would connect homes, offices, hospitals, factories, and autonomous vehicles via a digital fabric.Renowned for its factories and severe pollution, the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) envisioned elevating Wuhan as the global smart city of the future. All of the commands, controls, data sharing, and data flowing through artificial intelligence systems would showcase China as the preeminent digital leader of the world.At the center of the plan, the Chinese telecom syndicate of ZTE, Huawei, Hubei Mobile, and China Unicom began to transform Wuhan into a giant 5G “hot spot” for wireless technology. The 5G launch in the Hubei capital city culminated with the October 2019 Military World Games. Wuhan activated 20% of its 10,000 5G base stations, and the rest by the end of the year. With the hottest 5G pilot city on the planet, the CCP planned to leverage the publicity to attract more foreign investment and lure international businesses to prop up China’s flagging economy.Then disaster struck.A New Pneumonia.In mid-December, just six weeks after the military games concluded, the first cases of a new pneumonia started to show up in area hospitals. Over 72 hours through New Year’s day, scientists decoded the novel virus. On January 2, Wuhan notified the CCP and the Peoples Liberation Army (PLA) about the outbreak. The two governing bodies of the Peoples Republic of China took precautions for their leaders, personnel, and buildings. Instead of telling the world about the outbreak, the regime kept it under tight control. Three weeks after sequencing the virus, Xi Jinping finally made his first public comment about the discovery of COVID-19 and the epidemic ravaging Wuhan.By then, the epidemic erupted out of control. Millions became infected, and tens of thousands in Hubei died. These numbers far exceeded the “official” numbers claimed by the CCP and supported by the World Health Organization (WHO).At its height, many leaked videos showed people falling, collapsing, or sprawled dead in the streets of Wuhan. Nowhere else in the infected areas of China did similar scenes show that type of death.Then a clinical study comparing “Imported cases of COVID-19 in Jiangsu Province,” by Jian Wu, et al., discovered a key finding between Wuhan and Jiangsu patients.“Compared with the cases in Wuhan, the cases in Jiangsu exhibited mild or moderate symptoms and no obvious gender susceptivity. The proportion of patients having liver dysfunction and abnormal CT imaging was relatively lower than that of Wuhan.”So, what was the underlying cofactor that separated Wuhan from all other areas in China? And what was the factor that was making the virus more virulent?Body Bags.While the WHO praised China’s response to the outbreak, only in Wuhan did the police weld infected people in their apartments to die. Only in Wuhan did they burn bodies beyond the capacity of the crematoriums. Only in Wuhan did the regime receive accusations of burying the dead in body bags under cover of the night.In looking for a cofactor, several outlets suggest Wuhan’s acute pollution was to blame for the virus’ death toll. Others theorized that a vaccine trial “primed” a subset of citizens, making them more vulnerable to COVID-19. In the former, there are many other cities in Asia as polluted that didn’t experience the same corona clusters. While in the latter, no new vaccine trials were launched in Wuhan in 2019.5G Microwave Effects at 60GHz.In 2001, Shigeaki Hakusui, then president of Harmonix Corporation, explained why fifth-generation wireless technology was needed to reach the goal of creating smart cities. He said it would require bandwidth and efficiency to meet the data demand as the Internet moved toward mobile technology. That was two decades ago.Hakusui noted that 60GHz was the true radiofrequency that would allow for reliable transmission of data, due to its “98 percent oxygen absorption” rate. This allows the invisible signals to travel from point A and B, and back again on the same path. Super-efficient and a technological milestone.Hakusui writes:Since the presence of O2 is fairly consistent at ground level, its effect on 60GHz radio propagation is easily modeled for margin budgeting purposes. Also, the high level of attenuation from oxygen absorption makes even the worst weather-related attenuation insignificant, especially on the short paths where 60GHz systems operate.He stated, unequivocally, that 60GHz would deliver the last mile efficiently, as the “oxygen absorption makes possible the same-frequency reuse within a very localized region of air space.”The downside to 5G, however, is the lack of biological safety and health tests to support its global rollout. Even workers who installed 5G towers are burning them down. Does the electrification of the entire planet make sense? Do thousands of satellites being deployed where infrastructure doesn’t exist, such as the oceans make sense?Unsettling Results.Testing 5G by trial and error has already produced some unsettling results. They include the mass deaths of birds in the Netherlands, the cutting down of half of Sheffield, England’s trees, and strange illness clusters of children in some U.S. schools.Most people don’t grasp or care that their WiFi can send signals through drywall, glass, and concrete slabs, just the same as beams go through the human body. And with 5G a far more focused beam, those signals have no trouble traveling through a person.The problem is for every breath we breathe, our blood transports oxygen throughout the core, extremities, to the vital organs, heart, and brain.If 5G at 60 GHz frequency zips through the air, absorbing most of the oxygen, disrupting the electrons that bind 02 molecules that, combined with a hydrogen atom, form water vapor, what is that frequency doing to blood cells, which consist primarily of water and carry the oxygen?Do the disruption of the body’s biorhythm, breathing, and oxygen distribution begin to explain what happens to the people who dropped dead?Mt. Everest “Death Zone”.Studies of acute mountain sickness show that as climbers ascend in altitude, they hit an endurance wall from a lack of oxygen. “At 4500 m [14,764 feet], the real amount of oxygen in the air composition is only 12% diluted, which is approximately 60% of sea-level oxygen,” according to Brazilian scientists, who published a paper last year.Higher up the mountain in the “death zone” of Mt. Everest, climbers die due to severe hyperbaric hypoxia, even with bottled oxygen as their blood coagulates. In another view, altitude sickness starves the brain of oxygen.That does stack up and explains the unusual scenes of Wuhan citizens dying literally in the streets. They keel over dead, not shaking from a heart attack or seizure, never resuscitated.Milan in Northern Italy is the 5G capital of Europe. Iran, where suspected millions have been infected, has installed 5G deployments. And sure enough, the three Princess line cruise ships—Diamond, Grand, and now Ruby—had GEO and MEO satellites beaming 5G down to the ships as they travel via a Medallion Net receiver system last autumn.Although South Korea is a wirelessly connected nation, it doesn’t have the number of cases like other places in the world that does. Yet, its third and fourth coronavirus clusters were in 5G-hot gymnasium and hospital.As the anomalous deaths of people in Wuhan and Italy can attest, society, the telecom industry, and government are long past due to study the health effects of 5G, especially at the “unlicensed” 60GHz frequency.|0
Europeans, including Italians fleeing the virus in their country entered Africa under the guise of tourism. The anonymous writer, identified only as “Sandra,” claimed to have met a group of Italians at Milan Malpensa Airport who were traveling to Ethiopia and said that other Italians had landed in Gabon and Cameroon to escape the epidemic|0
No. Vaccines against pneumonia, such as pneumococcal vaccine and Haemophilus influenza type B (Hib) vaccine, do not provide protection against the new coronavirus. The virus is so new and different that it needs its own vaccine. Researchers are trying to develop a vaccine against 2019-nCoV, and WHO is supporting their efforts. Although these vaccines are not effective against 2019-nCoV, vaccination against respiratory illnesses is highly recommended to protect your health.|1
New York attorney general Letitia James has ordered radio host and conspiracy theorist Alex Jones to stop claiming that InfoWars’ products can protect against the novel coronavirus. In a statement, the attorney general said that Jones marketed toothpaste, dietary supplements, and creams as being able to prevent or cure the virus. “[Alex Jones’] latest mistruths are incredibly dangerous and pose a serious threat to the public health of New Yorkers and individuals across the nation,” the attorney general said.In particular, Jones claimed that his Superblue Toothpaste “kills the whole SARS-corona family at point-blank range” despite there currently being no cure or vaccine for the coronavirus, HuffPost previously reported. When viewing the toothpaste’s product page, there is now a notice which says “this product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease” and adds that anyone who’s currently taking medication should consult their physician before using it. The Verge has not been able to verify when this message was added.As the coronavirus continues to pose serious risks to public health, Alex Jones has spewed outright lies and has profited off of New Yorkers’ anxieties,” the attorney general said in a statement, “If these unlawful violations do not cease immediately, my office will not hesitate to take legal action and hold Mr. Jones accountable for the harm he’s caused.”The action taken against Alex Jones is part of a broader push against companies trying to use COVID-19, the disease caused by the novel coronavirus, to sell their products or boost profits. The New York Attorney General has already sent cease and desist orders to two other companies that claim their colloidal silver products can treat the coronavirus, and it’s ordered the Jim Bakker show to stop marketing one of them.Meanwhile, online platforms are also cracking down. Facebook has banned ads that “guarantee a cure or prevention” for the virus, or which otherwise try to create a sense of urgency, like implying a limited supply. Others have been struggling to prevent price gouging on necessary items like face masks and hand sanitizers. Amazon has begun restricting which sellers on its Marketplace platform can sell them, while eBay has banned their sale entirely.|1
Quarantine means separating a person or group of people who have been exposed to a contagious disease but have not developed illness (symptoms) from others who have not been exposed, in order to prevent the possible spread of that disease. Quarantine is usually established for the incubation period of the communicable disease, which is the span of time during which people have developed illness after exposure. For COVID-19, the period of quarantine is 14 days from the last date of exposure because the incubation period for this virus is 2 to 14 days. Someone who has been released from COVID-19 quarantine is not considered a risk for spreading the virus to others because they have not developed illness during the incubation period.|1
The virus that causes COVID-19 is spreading from person-to-person. People are thought to be most contagious when they are symptomatic (the sickest). That is why CDC recommends that these patients be isolated either in the hospital or at home (depending on how sick they are) until they are better and no longer pose a risk of infecting others. More recently the virus has also been detected in asymptomatic persons.How long someone is actively sick can vary so the decision on when to release someone from isolation is made using a test-based or non-test-based strategy (i.e. time since illness started and time since recovery) in consultation with state and local public health officials. The decision involves considering the specifics of each situation, including disease severity, illness signs and symptoms, and the results of laboratory testing for that patient.Learn more about CDC’s guidance on when to release someone from isolation and discharge hospitalized patients with COVID-19. For information on when someone who has been sick with COVID-19 is able to stop home isolation see Interim Guidance for Discontinuation of In-Home Isolation for Patients with COVID-19.Someone who has been released from isolation is not considered to pose a risk of infection to others.|1
To date, there is no evidence or information to suggest that the COVID-19 virus transmitted through houseflies. The virus that cause COVID-19 spreads primarily through droplets generated when an infected person coughs, sneezes or speaks. You can also become infected by touching a contaminated surface and then touching your eyes, nose or mouth before washing your hands. To protect yourself, keep at least 1-metre distance from others and disinfect frequently-touched surfaces. Clean your hands thoroughly and often and avoid touching your eyes, mouth and nose.|1
As of midday on March 16th, the number of total cases of coronavirus around the globe sits at 188,298. Out of them 80,848 have recovered, and 7,499 have died. Italy is still leading globally with the most active cases, currently at 23,073 and a death toll of 2,158.On March 16th, Italy reported 349 new deaths from COVID-19.Canada closed its borders to all foreign nationals, except US citizens, and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau urged people to stay at home to help stem the spread of the new coronavirus.“We will be denying entry into Canada to people who are not Canadian citizens or permanent residents,” Trudeau told reporters at a news conference outside his home, where he is under self-quarantine after his wife tested positive for the virus.He said Americans were exempted from the border ban. Trudeau also said he will restrict international flights to four Canadian airports from March 18th. Domestic flights will not be affected.Russia will ban the entry of foreign nationals and stateless people from March 18th to May 1st in response to the coronavirus outbreak, the government said. The ban will not apply to diplomatic representatives, airplane crew members and some other categories of people, it said.French President Emmanuel Macron has announced strict reductions in movement starting from midday on March 17th, for at least 15 days, saying “we are at war.”In a televised address to the nation, Macron said people should stay at home and only go out for essential activities. He said that anyone flouting the restrictions would be punished.France will deploy 100,000 police to enforce a lockdown, and fixed checkpoints will be set up across the country.“Stay at home,” Interior Minister Christophe Castaner said, adding that fines of up to 135 euros would be handed out to those who do not respect the new restrictions, which are centered on avoiding all but essential social contact.Entry into the European Union’s Schengen zone will also be closed from March 17th, the French president said.US President Donald Trump issued new guidelines to help fight the coronavirus, including a recommendation that people avoid social gatherings of more than 10 people, discretionary travel, and going to bars, restaurants and food courts.At a White House news briefing, Trump said the new guidelines from his coronavirus task force applied for 15 days and were meant to slow the spread of the virus.In an answer to a question about the US economy, the Republican president said the country “may be” heading towards recession amid the pandemic, which he called an “invisible enemy”.Ireland expects its number of coronavirus cases to increase to around 15,000 by the end of the month from 169 currently, Prime Minister Leo Varadkar said, predicting it would be dealing with the pandemic for many months.“We would expect that by the end of the month there would be maybe 15,000 people who would have tested positive for Covid-19, most of those will not need treatment but a proportion will need to be hospitalised and we need to make sure that it doesn’t happen at the same time,” Vardkar told a news conference.China appears to have flattened the curve, and 20 out of 21 registered cases of coronavirus were people who came from abroad. Wuhan will require all overseas returnees to undergo quarantine.Lockdowns in most of the European countries have begun, with Spain expected to have a very sharp rise in infected in the next several days.Meanwhile, in Germany, the contestants in Big Brother entered the house on February 6th and haven’t been told of the international pandemic and the lockdowns.The show’s producers, for the TV channel Sat.1, defended the decision not to update the housemates on the crisis going on in the outside world, telling the German newspaper Süddeutsche Zeitung that the information blackout would only be lifted in certain circumstances, such as a family member’s illness. They also pointed to “special hygiene measures” taken to protect residents themselves from infection, though did not explain what those measures entailed.But after uproar on social media, Sat.1 changed its position – and announced a live special episode, due to air before the regular slot at 7pm on the evening of March 17th, in which the housemates will be told of the growing crisis. They will be given the opportunity to ask questions about the state of the nation, as well as receive video messages from their relatives.Big Brother Brazil’s cast are also completely unaware of coronavirus – since they entered the house on January 21st, producers have refused to update them on the outside world.Big Brother Canada’s contestants are in a similar situation, as they entered the house on March 4th.One clip, from Canada, shows the contestants discussing the sudden absence of a live audience for evictions from the house: when the first member left, just five days in, the crowd was audible from within the house, but by March 14th, when the second was evicted, the silence was noticeable.With every passing day, the entire coronavirus crisis is looking more and more like some freaky TV series that involves most of the countries around the world. While some political leaders call the ongoing developments a “war” against the invisible enemy, the real numbers and developments on the ground clearly demonstrate that the threat is drastically exaggerated and intentionally fueled by media and governments.There are several phenomena caused by attempts of various forces and influence groups to exploit the coronavirus narrative:Financial circles and governments are using the coronavirus crisis in order to achieve own financial and political goals, as well as to cover crissi developments in the global economy (the Saudi offensive on the oil market is another sign of the crisis);The outbreak is exploited by the Washington establishment and its allies to increase pressure on the opponents of the US-dominated global order. China became the first target of the attack. Now, similar developments could be observed in Russia. Large Russian cities and even government bodies (like the foreign ministry) are being targeted by waves of fake news and artificial hysteria. Anti-government, Western-backed forces operating inside Russia will likely work to exploit the coronavirus narrative to destabilize the situation in the country;The virus outbreak became a useful pretext for a further regionalization of the world that breaks into seprated economic political clusters. The myth about the ‘European unity’ as well as the ‘Euro-Atlantic’ one is destroyed. All states are fighting the crisis almost alone. Only so-called “bad guys” like China, Venezuela or Cuba are offering their help to other states;Governments are strengthening surveillance and security measures limiting freedoms of citizens;Global corporations are exploiting the crisis to shape their business processes and pushing forward the concept of distance working (from home). So, they would be able to reduce costs and say goodbye to their already limited social obligations;Experts and analysts note that the increasing economic and social tensions are increasing chances of open military conflicts. One of the possible hot points is the Middle East, where the US-Iranian conflict is on the rise.There are no doubts that the crisis will end. However, the world will not be same.|0
Covid-19 shares many of its symptoms with the flu or common cold, although there are certain symptoms common to flu and colds that are not usually seen in Covid-19. People with confirmed cases of Covid-19 rarely suffer from a runny nose, for instance.The most common Covid-19 symptoms are a fever and a dry cough. Of 55,924 early Chinese cases of the disease, nearly 90 per cent of patients experienced a fever and just over two-thirds suffered with a dry cough. That’s why the UK government is advising anyone with a high temperature or a new, continuous cough to stay at home for seven days or, if they live with other people, for the entire household to isolate for 14 days from the first onset of symptoms.Other Covid-19 symptoms are less common. Just under 40 per cent of people with the disease experience fatigue, while a third of people cough up sputum – a thick mucus from within the lungs. Other rarer symptoms include shortness of breath, muscle pain, sore throats, headaches or chills, loss of smell or taste. According to the WHO, symptoms tend to appear between five and six days after infection.|1
You should take many of the same precautions as you would if you were caring for someone with the flu:Stay in another room or be separated from the person as much as possible. Use a separate bedroom and bathroom, if available.Make sure that shared spaces in the home have good air flow. Turn on an air conditioner or open a window.Wash your hands often with soap and water for at least 20 seconds or use an alcohol-based hand sanitizer that contains 60 to 95% alcohol, covering all surfaces of your hands and rubbing them together until they feel dry. Use soap and water if your hands are visibly dirty.Avoid touching your eyes, nose, and mouth with unwashed hands.Extra precautions:You and the person should wear a face mask if you are in the same room.Wear a disposable face mask and gloves when you touch or have contact with the person's blood, stool, or body fluids, such as saliva, sputum, nasal mucus, vomit, urine.Throw out disposable face masks and gloves after using them. Do not reuse.First remove and throw away gloves. Then, immediately clean your hands with soap and water or alcohol-based hand sanitizer. Next, remove and throw away the face mask, and immediately clean your hands again with soap and water or alcohol-based hand sanitizer.Do not share household items such as dishes, drinking glasses, cups, eating utensils, towels, bedding, or other items with the person who is sick. After the person uses these items, wash them thoroughly.Clean all "high-touch" surfaces, such as counters, tabletops, doorknobs, bathroom fixtures, toilets, phones, keyboards, tablets, and bedside tables, every day. Also, clean any surfaces that may have blood, stool, or body fluids on them. Use a household cleaning spray or wipe.Wash laundry thoroughly.Immediately remove and wash clothes or bedding that have blood, stool, or body fluids on them.Wear disposable gloves while handling soiled items and keep soiled items away from your body. Clean your hands immediately after removing your gloves.Place all used disposable gloves, face masks, and other contaminated items in a lined container before disposing of them with other household waste. Clean your hands (with soap and water or an alcohol-based hand sanitizer) immediately after handling these items.|1
The true agenda of Dr. Anthony Fauci, the current White House health advisor offering guidance on the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) crisis, couldn’t be clearer. And let’s just say that this agenda isn’t exactly a good one.The Obama regime leftover, who bragged a few years back that he’s worked in five different White House administrations, doesn’t want people to use hydroxychloroquine to treat the virus. Instead, he wants them to wait for a new “blockbuster” coronavirus vaccine, because that’s what will generate the biggest profits for the pharmaceutical industry.Fauci didn’t actually say this last part, of course, but he didn’t have to. By telling Americans not to look at hydroxychloroquine as a “knockout drug,” but to instead view some theoretical vaccine that doesn’t even exist yet as the “ultimate game changer,” Fauci has exposed himself as the deep state swamp creature that he truly is.“We still need to do the definitive studies to determine whether any intervention, not just this one, is truly safe and effective,” Fauci, who also directs the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID), stated to Fox News. “But when you don’t have that information, it’s understandable why people might want to take something anyway even with the slightest hint of being effective.”This sounds like the same nonsense spewed by political hacks in prohibition states who are always calling for “more research” into the safety and effectiveness of cannabis, for instance, in order to “permit” their residents to use it. And the worst part is that there is solid evidence to show that hydroxychloroquine does, in fact, work for coronavirus patients. An international survey of some 6,227 doctors in 30 different countries determined that hydroxychloroquine or chloroquine is currently rated as the “most effective therapy” overall when it comes to treating the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19), at least when it comes to pharmaceutical interventions.Listen below to The Health Ranger Report as Mike Adams, the Health Ranger, talks about how zinc is another effective natural remedy for coronaviruses:Fauci knew Trump would face this coronavirus crisis because it was planned in advance.How we know without a doubt that Fauci is a lying scumbag who’s shilling for Big Pharma is the fact that he spoke about this coronavirus crisis back in 2017, openly admitting that President Trump would be facing a “surprise outbreak” during his presidential term.Somehow, Fauci knew in advance that the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) would become a major global pandemic, and is now trying to stop people from using something that works, and instead wait for Bill Gates or whatever other vaccine interests are busily working on them to release vaccines that will supposedly provide a “cure” against this novel virus.Keep in mind that chloroquine tablets currently run about $.04 a dose, or about $1 per course. This is insanely inexpensive, and could easily provide blanket coverage for every person in the world. Meanwhile, a course of remdesivir, a drug that Fauci has personally invested his own money to support trials for, costs upwards of $1,000 per course.In other words, Fauci isn’t concerned with helping others. He’s concerned with helping himself and other shareholders who are obviously hoping to profit heavily from the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) crisis due to all of the new “therapeutics” they’re expecting to be unveiled in the coming months.“I think we see who Dr. Fauci is in bed with and it’s not the American people,” wrote one Infowars commenter.“Fauci is nothing more than a modern-day Joseph Mengele,” wrote another. “Experimenting on humans, touting and collaborating with eugenics fanatics, denying empirically effective and inexpensive treatments, Fauci is the 21st century Angel of Death.”|0
When people recover from COVID-19, their blood contains antibodies that their bodies produced to fight the coronavirus and help them get well. Antibodies are found in plasma, a component of blood. Convalescent plasma — literally plasma from recovered patients — has been used for more than 100 years to treat a variety of illnesses from measles to polio, chickenpox, and SARS. In the current situation, antibody-containing plasma from a recovered patient is given by transfusion to a patient who is suffering from COVID-19. The donor antibodies help the patient fight the illness, possibly shortening the length or reducing the severity of the disease.Though convalescent plasma has been used for many years, and with varying success, not much is known about how effective it is for treating COVID-19. There have been reports of success from China, but no randomized, controlled studies (the gold standard for research studies) have been done. Experts also don't yet know the best time during the course of the illness to give plasma.On March 24th, the FDA began allowing convalescent plasma to be used in patients with serious or immediately life-threatening COVID-19 infections. This treatment is still considered experimental.|1
Scientific evidence is mounting that the disease – like all the coronaviral diseases, including the 2019-nCoV predecessor SARS (Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome, 2002 / 2003 also in China), and its Middle East equivalent, MERS (Middle East Respiratory Syndrome) are not only laboratory fabricated, but also patented. And so are many others, for example, Ebola and HIV. Both, SARS and 2019-nCoV are not only man-made, but they are also focusing on the Chinese race. That’s why you find very few people infected in the 18 countries where the coronavirus has spread.|0
The disease appears to have originated from a Wuhan seafood market where wild animals, including marmots, birds, rabbits, bats and snakes, are traded illegally. Coronaviruses are known to jump from animals to humans, so it’s thought that the first people infected with the disease – a group primarily made up of stallholders from the seafood market – contracted it from contact with animals.The hunt for the animal source of Covid-19 is still unknown, although there are some strong contenders. A team of virologists at the Wuhan Institute for Virology released a detailed paper showing that the new coronaviruses' genetic makeup is 96 per cent identical to that of a coronavirus found in bats, while a study published on March 26 argues that genetic sequences of coronavirus in pangolins are between 88.5 and 92.4 per cent similar to the human virus. Some early cases of Covid-19, however, appear to have inflicted people with no link to the Wuhan market at all, suggesting that the initial route of human infection may pre-date the market cases.The Wuhan market was shut down for inspection and cleaning on January 1, but by then it appears that Covid-19 was already starting to spread beyond the market itself. On January 21, the WHO Western Pacific office said the disease was also being transmitted between humans – evidence of which is apparent after medical staff became infected with the virus.|1
It might be possible that Washington has created and unleashed the virus in a bid to bring Beijing’s growing economy and military might down a few notches.The most commonly reported mainstream media account of the creation of the Coronavirus suggests that it was derived from an animal borne microorganism found in a wild bat that was consumed by an ethnic Chinese resident of Wuhan. But there appears to be some evidence to dispute that in that adjacent provinces in China, where wild bats are more numerous, have not experienced major outbreaks of the disease. Because of that and other factors, there has also been considerable speculation that the Coronavirus did not occur naturally through mutation but rather was produced in a laboratory, possibly as a biological warfare agent.Several reports suggest that there are components of the virus that are related to HIV that could not have occurred naturally. If it is correct that the virus had either been developed or even produced to be weaponized it would further suggest that its escape from the Wuhan Institute of Virology Lab and into the animal and human population could have been accidental. Technicians who work in such environments are aware that “leaks” from laboratories occur frequently.There is, of course and inevitably, another theory. There has been some speculation that as the Trump Administration has been constantly raising the issue of growing Chinese global competitiveness as a direct threat to American national security and economic dominance, it might be possible that Washington has created and unleashed the virus in a bid to bring Beijing’s growing economy and military might down a few notches. It is, to be sure, hard to believe that even the Trump White House would do something so reckless, but there are precedents for that type of behavior. In 2005-9 the American and Israeli governments secretly developed a computer virus called Stuxnet, which was intended to damage the control and operating systems of Iranian computers being used in that country’s nuclear research program. Admittedly Stuxnet was intended to damage computers, not to infect or kill human beings, but concerns that it would propagate and move to infect computers outside Iran proved to be accurate as it spread to thousands of PCs outside Iran, in countries as far flung as China, Germany, Kazakhstan and Indonesia.Inevitably there is an Israeli story that just might shed some light on what has been going on in China. Scientists at Israel’s Galilee Research Institute are now claiming that they will have a vaccine against coronavirus in a few weeks which will be ready for distribution and use within 90 days. The institute is claiming that it has been engaged in four years of research on avian coronavirus funded by Israel’s Ministries of Science & Technology and Agriculture. They are claiming that the virus is similar to the version that has infected humans, which has led to breakthroughs in development through genetic manipulation, but some scientists are skeptical that a new vaccine could be produced so quickly to prevent a virus that existed only recently. They also have warned that even if a vaccine is developed it would normally have to be tested for side effects, a process that normally takes over a year and includes using it on infected humans.China – Western China Bashing – vs. Western Biowarfare?If one even considers it possible that the United States had a hand in creating the coronavirus at what remains of its once extensive biological weapons research center in Ft Detrick Maryland, it is very likely that Israel was a partner in the project. Helping to develop the virus would also explain how Israeli scientists have been able to claim success at creating a vaccine so quickly, possibly because the virus and a treatment for it were developed simultaneously.In any event, there are definite political ramifications to the appearance of the coronavirus, and not only in China. In the United States President Donald Trump is already being blamed for lying about the virus and there are various scenarios in mainstream publications speculating over the possible impact on the election in 2020. If the economy sinks together with the stock market, it will reflect badly on Trump whether or not he is actually at fault. If containment and treatment of the disease itself in the United States does not go well, there could also be a considerable backlash, particularly as the Democrats have been promoting improving health care. One pundit argues, however, that disease and a sinking economy will not matter as long as there is a turnaround before the election, but a lot can happen in the next eight months.And then there is the national security/foreign policy issue as seen from both Jerusalem and Washington. It is difficult to explain why coronavirus has hit one country in particular other than China very severely. That country is Iran, the often-cited enemy of both the U.S. and Israel. The number of Iran’s coronavirus cases continues to increase, with more positive tests confirmed among government officials last Saturday. There were 205 new coronavirus cases, bringing the government claimed total to 593 with 43 fatalities, though unofficial hospital reports suggest that the deaths are actually well over 100. That’s the highest number of deaths from the virus outside of China.No less than five Iranian Members of Parliament have also tested positive amid a growing number of officials that have contracted the disease. Iran’s vice president Masoumeh Ebtekar and deputy health minister Iraj Harirchi had also previously been confirmed with the virus.The usual suspects in the United States are delighted to learn of the Iranian deaths. Mark Dubowitz, Executive Director of the Washington-based but Israeli government connected Foundation for Defense of Democracies (FDD) boasted on twitterTuesday that “Coronavirus has done what American economic sanctions could not: shut down non-oil exports.” An Iranian government spokesman responded that “It’s shameful and downright inhuman to cheer for a deadly Virus to spread – and enjoy seeing people suffer for it…” Dubowitz followed up with an additional taunt, that Tehran has “spread terrorism” in the Middle East and “now it’s spreading the coronavirus.”So, you have your choice. Coronavirus occurred naturally, or it came out of a lab in China itself or even from Israel or the United States. If one suspects Israel and/or the United States, the intent clearly would have been to create a biological weapon that would damage two nations that have been designated as enemies. But the coronavirus cannot be contained easily and it is clear that many thousands of people will die from it. Unfortunately, as with Stuxnet, once the genie is out of the bottled it is devilishly hard to induce it to go back in.|0
The Coronavirus, known as COVID-19, was recently labeled a pandemic by the World Health Organization. Thousands have died and there is much concern about the rate of the spread of the virus and its severity. Along with the Coronavirus, anxiety and concern are sweeping across the U.S. and the world.Today’s conversation with Sally Fallon Morell, the head of the Weston A. Price Foundation, empowers us to take our health into our own hands. Through a nutrient-dense diet, we can strengthen our bodies naturally and improve their ability to confront what may come their way.Sally offers practical tips for boosting immunity including:taking 1 Tablespoon of coconut oil per day.eating liver once per week.drinking bone broth regularly for detoxing.including saturated fat to safeguard respiratory health.She goes into detail about the foods that nourish and protect our immune system. She discusses the role of vitamins A, D, C, and saturated fats. She covers the role of 5G in weakening the immune system in Wuhan, the epicenter of the virus. And, importantly, she reminds us to stay calm–since stress depletes our vitamin A stores, which are critical for fighting any virus.Highlights from the conversation include:How the coronavirus is not particularly new – SARS and MERS are versions of it.Why it’s not important to speculate about whether it’s manmade or not.How Mother Nature is not easily manipulated.How vitamin A (from animal foods) is critical for fighting disease.How so-called “vitamin A” found in plant foods is actually carotene and not easily converted to vitamin A in our bodies.How egg yolks, butter, liver, and cod liver oil are good sources of vitamin A.How cod liver oil was used to boost health prior to WWII.How it fell into disfavor once antibiotics were introduced.How vitamin D works synergistically with vitamin A.How Vitamin C is found in fruits and vegetables and in a plant-like powder.Why bone broth is an excellent immunity booster and detoxing protocol.Why coconut oil is great for fighting viruses.How 1 T. of coconut oil per day is recommended for gut health. The difference between MCT oil and coconut oil.How we need saturated fats to keep the lungs working well.How saturated fats are found in butter, coconut oil, meat fats, cream, & cheese.How “vegetable oils” are actually industrial seed oils.What it takes to make these rancid oils palatable.Why raw milk is good for you and is sometimes called “white blood”.Issues with coronavirus testing – accuracy of test, false positives, etc.Statistics: 50 deaths per day from coronavirus, 1000 daily from the flu, 2000 deaths from pneumonia per day, 3000 deaths per day from tuberculosis. Worry and panic and stress deplete vitamin A, which we need to fight the virus. What Sally does to fight stress and worry. Wuhan had 5G rolled out in December 2019 – did that impact the spread of the virus?At 60 megahertz, 5G tampers the oxygen in our blood and lowers immunity|0
To all my wonderful people in Liberia: While you are under lockdown, open your eyes please. If you see anything like this being installed in your communities, take a picture and post it online, and engage the government. This is how some of the 5G masts/poles/atenaes look. These things beam radiation that will make you sick and kill you in 3 to 6 months, and the symptoms are just like the novel Coronavirus, but they do even more damage to the human body like respitory fatality, heart, deformed babes, destruction of sperm, teeth and much more! The mainline media is heavily paid to disassociate 5G and Coronavirus, and many times, shame anybody that does. But it EVIL if our government put you indoors and letor telecom companies do things that bring harm. Religious leaders, good politicians, business people and the general public, if you see these 5G masts, you better get out of the house and talk and stop it! There are other priorities that need attention, not high technology that destroys!|0
2/2 CDC was caught on the spot. When did patient zero begin in US? How many people are infected? What are the names of the hospitals? It might be US army who brought the epidemic to Wuhan. Be transparent! Make public your data! US owe us an explanation! |0
There is a pandemic going on, with billions of people locked in their homes and all business grinding to a halt across the globe, over apocalyptic predictions of hospitals brimming with corpses due to this coronavirus.Should any kind of treatment – especially a drug that has been used safely for decades to treat something else, with side effects meticulously documented – be so cavalierly rejected, under the circumstances? Do “experts” really think the world has the luxury of waiting for months or even years for their controlled lab studies?To ask these questions is to answer them, yet no one seems to bother. Nor is this sort of selective blindness endemic to France; across the Atlantic, the mainstream media raised their voices in unison against chloroquine after US President Donald Trump brought it up as a possible treatment – apparently referring to Dr. Raoult’s work.Dr. Raoult seems to believe [that hydroxychloroquine works on Covid-19], and he’s not alone. In the absence of better solutions – and locking billions of people in their homes indefinitely is not one – don’t we owe humanity to at least try? What do we have to lose?|0
You can take measures to reduce your risk of catching the infection. These include: washing your hands often with soap and water for at least 20 seconds, especially after being in a public place. If soap and water are not available, use an alcohol-based hand sanitiser containing at least 60% alcohol, avoiding touching your eyes, nose and mouth with unwashed hands, cleaning and disinfecting frequently touched surfaces every day, including counter tops,phones, light switches, handles and door knobs, avoid close contact with people who are sick. The recommended distance between people varies between countries. For example, 2 metres (6 feet) is recommended in the US and UK.You should avoid all non-essential travel to the worst affected countries. Some countries have introduced complete travel bans. If you have to travel to a country or region that is badly affected, you are advised to: avoid close contact with anyone who has symptoms of a chest or throat infection, such as a fever or cough, wash your hands often, especially after direct contact with people, avoid eating raw or undercooked animal products avoid close contact with live or dead farm or wild animals.You should follow any national or regional policies on social distancing. Depending on where you live, this may include: cancelling or limiting the size of public gatherings, not attending schools and universities, not visiting cafes, bars, restaurants, and other businesses, working from home if possible, only leaving the house for essential journeys, for example to buy food or medicine not letting your pet interact with people and animals outside your household. At this time, there is no evidence that pets and other animals can spread COVID-19 but caution is advised. Cats can become infected with coronavirus after contact with people who have COVID-19. Scientists are carrying out research in this area. If you become ill, you should:stay home and avoid contact with other people seek medical care right away. But call ahead to your doctor or emergency department and tell them about your symptoms not travel while you are unwell cover your mouth and nose with a tissue or your sleeve (not your hands) when coughing or sneezing, then put the tissue into the bin wash your hands often with soap and water for at least 20 seconds, especially after coughing, sneezing, blowing your nose or being in a public place. If soap and water are not available, use an alcohol-based hand sanitiser containing at least 60% alcohol, limit contact with pets and other animals. At this time, there is no evidence that pets and other animals can spread COVID-19 but caution is advised. Cats can become infected with coronavirus after contact with people who have COVID-19. Some people wear medical masks to try to protect themselves against the infection. Recommendations about wearing masks vary between countries. The World Health Organization recommends that you should wear a mask if you are a healthcare worker or if you are caring for someone with COVID-19 at home. If you choose to wear a mask, you should wash your hands with soap and water, or use an alcohol-based hand sanitiser,before putting on the mask. You will still need to wash your hands often and thoroughly while wearing the mask. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention advises that there is likely to be a very low risk of spread from food products or packaging that are shipped over a period of days or weeks at ambient, refrigerated, or frozen temperatures. The UK government advises it is very unlikely that you can catch coronavirus from food. You should follow good hygiene and preparation practices when handling and eating raw fruit, leafy salads and vegetables, such as washing fresh produce to help to remove any contamination on the surface and peeling the outer layers or skins of certain fruits and vegetables.Travel restrictions and policies. Travel restrictions and other quarantine measures have been introduced to try to stop the spread of the virus. Many countries advise against all non-essential travel and many flights have been cancelled. Some countries have arranged for all their citizens to leave the worst affected areas and to be quarantined for about two weeks on their return. Travel advice is changing rapidly and you should check the latest advice from the government in your country before planning a trip.Many countries have introduced other measures to try to slow down the spread of the virus.For example, people have been asked to work from home if possible, and some countries have closed schools and other public places.|1
To stop the spread of coronavirus, health officials have instructed the public to practice social distancing -- staying home, avoiding crowds and refraining from touching one another.Although living like that can be lonely, inconvenient and even frightening, it's for the greater good, says Danielle Ompad, an associate professor at New York University's School of Global Public Health."It's uncomfortable," she told CNN. "But it requires us to be good citizens. People have to learn how to think about the collective rather than the individual."To help you do that, we answered your biggest questions about social distancing. Yes. The grocery store is one of the few public places you can still go -- just be strategic about it.Dr. William Schaffner, a professor at Vanderbilt University School of Medicine, suggests going to the store when you suspect less people will be shopping. This could be late at night or early in the morning.Make sure to thoroughly wash fruits and veggies after you buy them, and wash your hands after touching boxes and before eating.Not sure what to buy? Here's a sample checklist of foods to stock up on so you won't make multiple trips.Can I order takeout?Sure can! There's no evidence that the virus can live in food, so whatever you eat should be safe.Still, it's a good idea to disinfect the takeout containers and wash your hands afterward, says Dr. Sanjay Gupta, CNN Chief Medical Correspondent.Ordering takeout also helps restaurants and delivery drivers who may be losing money during the pandemic.Dr. Celine Gounder, an infectious disease specialist at Bellevue Hospital Center, suggests paying and tipping online and asking the delivery person to leave your food outside the door to avoid interaction.Should I use public transportation?If you can avoid it, you should. Packing into a crowded, poorly ventilated subway car or bus can heighten your risk of infection.If you need to use public transportation to get to work, carry disinfecting wipes to clean seats and poles, and wash your hands as soon as your commute is over.If I still need to work, how can I keep myself safe?Practice as much social distancing as your work allows. Wash your hands constantly, and if your occupation requires it, wear a face mask.Can I go anywhere?Yes, a few places -- grocery stores, doctor's offices and some outdoor areas. But right now, staying home as much as possible is the best way to lower infection rates, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC).Restaurants, places of worship, movie theaters, sports venues, museums and more have already started closing. Save a trip to these places until government and health officials say it's safe to visit.Travel.Can I still travel?Under most circumstances, you shouldn't.The US State Department issued a Level 4 "Do Not Travel" advisory, the most severe warning, urging Americans to cancel travel abroad.Airplanes, trains, buses and cruise ships can pack a lot of people in close quarters for long periods of time, which is a recipe for virus transmission."If you're going for vacation, I would suggest you don't go," says Ompad, the NYU professor. "I definitely don't suggest you visit sick or elderly family. But some people don't have a choice -- they have to travel, work for airlines or trains or they're traveling because they're doing Covid-19 work or they can't afford to not do their jobs."But the fewer of us who travel, the safer those essential workers will be, she says.If I'm traveling abroad, should I return to the US?Yes. The State Department has advised Americans living or traveling internationally to return to the US immediately. If Americans abroad do not return soon, they risk getting stuck in a foreign country for an indefinite period of time.Health.Should I wear a face mask in public?Probably not. Masks keep germs in by preventing sick people from coughing or sneezing into the air. But they don't protect healthy people from coming into contact with those germs.Sick people should stay home and avoid in-person contact with others until they've recovered. If available, sick people and those who live with them can wear masks at home, the CDC says.Can I exercise?Yes -- outdoors or at home. It's not a good idea to visit a gym, though.Distance is key. Going on a secluded run, walk or bike ride are fine ways to stay active outside -- just maintain at least six feet of distance from other people.At home, you can download exercise videos or apps and follow their instructions -- they're usually designed with minimal equipment in mind. Or you can follow these tips from CNN contributor Dr. Melinda Jampolis on how to work out at home.Can I go to the doctor or dentist?Not unless you have an urgent appointment or are seeking help due to coronavirus symptoms.It's best to cancel any appointments or elective procedures that aren't critical, says Dr. Carla Perissinotto, associate professor at the University of California-San Francisco's Department of Medicine.If you do have a critical appointment, ask your provider about telehealth appointments that don't require you to come into an office.If you think you're experiencing Covid-19 symptoms, call a physician before showing up at an office so you don't put yourself and others at a higher risk of infection.Family & Friends.Can I visit older family members?You shouldn't. Adults over 60 are at a higher risk of serious infection from Covid-19, and you could unwittingly infect them. The best thing older adults can do is stay home and away from others as much as possible.Keep in touch with them over the phone or with video calls. If they live nearby, offer to help them with groceries or medications they may need while home.Can my friends come over?They shouldn't. Visitors aren't a great idea right now, Ompad said, even if they are your friends.But distancing yourself doesn't mean you have to be lonely. Instead, host video hangouts with friends or call them regularly.Ompad talks with her colleagues and friends on Zoom, a video conference service. She and her pals cook together and chat about their days. It's a way to stay sane while staying home, even if all the interaction is virtual."Social distancing does not mean social isolation. It's really important we maintain our social connections," Ompad says.Can I schedule playdates for my kids?No. Kids aren't considered a high-risk group for Covid-19, but they can still spread the virus.It's not yet clear how infectious they are, so it's best to keep children apart from each other and, if possible, out of your home.Plus, kids might not heed the six-feet distance or constant hand-washing rules."We know that kids touch each other and rough house with each other, and so we really want to be mindful about reducing that interpersonal contact and any potential spread," says Dr. Asaf Bitton of Ariadne Labs, a health innovation center.Where can my kids play?Going outside is still okay -- just supervise your children to make sure they keep their distance from other kids, Ompad says.If you don't have a backyard, large parks where you can maintain a significant distance from other families should be fine. But avoid playgrounds, where germs can lurk on slides and swings, she says.Can I take my kids to daycare?If it's your only option, then yes. But before you do, call the daycare center or meet with staff to ensure they're implementing social distancing measures.If you urgently need child care, ask a healthy family member to watch your child and maintain proper distancing measures. If you work with a regular babysitter or nanny, use caution. They should be keeping themselves healthy on their own, but may be putting themselves at risk while commuting to work.Do I need to distance myself from my child?Probably not, Ompad says, unless either of you are showing symptoms of sickness.Under most circumstances, if you and your child are living in the same home, you don't need to keep six feet of distance. But if possible, limit excessive physical contact.If my family member or roommate works in health care, do I need to distance myself from them?Health care workers are at a higher risk of infection, so it's wise to distance yourself from them.Emory University epidemiologist Rachel Patzer tweeted that her husband, a physician who treats Covid-19 patients, moved into the garage to avoid infecting their young children."It is difficult to see pictures of all the people at bars and restaurants, socializing, making play dates, and ignoring social distancing recommendations when I know my husband and many other healthcare workers are risking their lives to treat more sick patients," she wrote. 'Please, take this pandemic seriously."How long will we have to keep social distancing?Probably for several months. But we may have to do it over and over again, since the outbreak could come in waves.Research by the Imperial College in Great Britain "would suggest you have to institute these kinds of measures for five months, very vigorously," says Gounder, the infectious disease specialist."And then you may be able to relax for a period. And then you would re-institute as the cases go up again. But we're basically looking at doing this over and over and over again, even after a five-month period of strict social distancing, in order to curb cases until we have a vaccine."|1
Based on what we know now, persons at higher risk for severe illness from COVID-19 are:People 65 years and older.People who live in a nursing home or long-term care facility. People of all ages with serious underlying medical conditions|1
Wuhan is where 5G was rolled out first.5G wrecks immune systems and that is why people in Wuhan are suffering with this illness.The Wuhan coronavirus is a more virulent version of the normal cold.|0
Thermal scanners are effective in detecting people who have developed a fever (i.e. have a higher than normal body temperature) because of infection with the new coronavirus. However, they cannot detect people who are infected but are not yet sick with fever. This is because it takes between 2 and 10 days before people who are infected become sick and develop a fever|1
“It takes anything up to six weeks to recover from this disease,” said Dr. Michael Ryan of the World Health Organization.“People who suffer very severe illness can take months to recover from the illness.”Recovery is often marked by a patient no longer showing symptoms and having two consecutive negative tests at least one day apart, Ryan said. But there is no known cure for the novel coronavirus|1
You can do your part to help your community and the world. Do not get close to other people.This is called “social distancing” or “physical distancing,” and is basically a call to stand far away from other people, even if you have no underlying health conditions or coronavirus symptoms. Experts believe the coronavirus travels through droplets, so limiting your exposure to other people is a good way to protect yourself.Avoid public transportation when possible, limit nonessential travel, work from home and skip social gatherings. You can go outside, as long as you avoid being in close contact with people.How to keep your distance: A guide to help you make the right decisions|1
It's likely that your elective surgery or procedure will be canceled or rescheduled by the hospital or medical center in which you are scheduled to have the procedure. If not, then during this period of social distancing, you should consider postponing any procedure that can wait.That being said, keep in mind that "elective" is a relative term. For instance, you may not have needed immediate surgery for sciatica caused by a herniated disc. But the pain may be so severe that you would not be able to endure postponing the surgery for weeks or perhaps months. In that case, you and your doctor should make a shared decision about proceeding.|1
RECOMBINATION technology has been in use in molecular virology since the 1980’s. The structure of the 2019-NCoV virus genome provides a very strong clue on the likely origin of the virus.Unlike other related coronaviruses, the 2019-nCoV virus has a unique sequence about 1,378 bp (nucleotide base pairs) long that is not found in related coronaviruses.Looking at the phylogenetic tree recently published derived using all the full genome sequence, we see the 2019-nCoV virus does not have clear monophyletic support given the bootstrap value of 75 (Fig 1).Close-up on Bootstrap value of 75 for available 2019-nCoV from Lu et al., 2020 The Lancet article [Full Text]There is no doubt that there is a novel sequence in 2019-nCoV; we confirmed this via sequence alignment. Here’s the DOT plot:The gap in the line shows a lack of sequence homology beween the most similar bat coronavirus and 2019-nCoV. The inserted sequence, which should not be there is here:A database search by the first team to study and publish the whole genome sequence for the origins of the inserted sequence turned up no hits (Ji et al., 2020). They conducted a codon-bias analysis which led them to speculate that perhaps there had been a recombination event between a coronavirus in snakes with a coronavirus from bats (Ji et al., 2020).This led to criticism on Wired(3) with quote dismissing the snake origin hypothesis as lacking evidence. There is, however, clear evidence that the novel sequence, which I will refer to henceforth as INS1378, is from a laboratory-induced recombination event. Specifically, The sequence similarity to other coronavirus sequences is lower to its most similar sequences in any coronavirus than the rest of the genome (IPAK finding)(2) The high sequence similarity of INS1378 to a SARS spike protein (2; IPAK Confirmed). We also found significant sequence similarity of INS1378 to a pShuttle-SN vector that was in use in the 1980’s in China to create a more immunogenic coronavirus (IPAK finding, details below, Option 4).Here, I review four Option on the origins of the 2019-nCoV Coronavirus isolated from human patients from Wuhan, China.Option 1. Natural coronavirus related to bat coronaviruses, Not a Recombined Virus.Evidence for: Phylogenetic clustering with Bat coronaviruses.Evidence against: Low bootstrap support (N=75) and presence of a INS1378.Status: Falsified hypothesis.Test: Survey coronviruses in animals in the wild.Option 2. A recombined virus that naturally picked up a SARS-like spike protein in it N-terminus (3′ end) of the viral genome.Evidence for: The INS1378 codon bias similar to snakes ($). Evidence against: Insufficient match in database search to other known CoV spike proteins (Ji et al., 2020). Status: Speculative hypothesis. Unlikely.Test: Find an isolate that matches 2019-nCoV in the wild and reproducibly independently isolate the virus from a wild animal (a match will confirm).Option 3. A recombined virus made in a laboratory for the purpose of creating a bioweapon.Both China and the US hinted at the other side’s potential liability in playing a role in bringing about a novel coronavirus in the lab specifically for the purpose of being used as a bioweapon. To add to the intrigue, a Chinese Scientist was released from BSL-4 laboratory in Manitoba, Canada for violating protocols, allegedly sending samples of deadly viruses to mainland China.On January 26, The Washington Times published this article citing an Israeli defense expert claiming that China has likely proceeded with a bioweapons program, but ending the article with a quote to London’s Daily Mail from a US scientist Rutgers University microbiologist Richard Ebright that “at this point there’s no reason to harbor suspicions” that the lab may be linked to the virus outbreak.The pShuttle-SN vector was among many described in a 1998 paper by Bert Vogelstein et al; here is a company where one can purchase the pShuttle-SN vector:It turns out that the sequence from pShuttle is most closely related to the Spike protein from SARS coronavirus.This particular technology was used in 2008 to attempt to develop a more immunogenic vaccine against coronavirus. Here’s a Chinese patent for that technique and product intended for use in a vaccine.The patent summary reads. SARS vaccine of adenovirus vector and preparation method, application of coronavirus S gene. Abstract. The present invention belongs to the field of genetic engineering, particularly relates to adenoviral vector SARS vaccines, their preparation and coronavirus S genes in SARS (SARS) on vaccines for the prophylaxis. By means of biological engineering, the coronavirus S gene in combination with deficient recombinant adenovirus, the protective immunogen protein or polypeptide expressed therein, through expansion culture, purification, and formulation to prepare a mucosal immunogenicity can cause the gene vaccine, respiratory mucosal immune response induced by the body to produce antibodies against the virus infection. Specific conditions of the present invention, compared with conventional inactivated virus particle vaccine, safe, easy to use, without limitation intramuscular, have broad clinical applications.In 2015, The US called for an end to research creating new viruses in the lab that have increased threat (higher transmissibility, higher pathogenicity, higher lethalithy). The very researchers conducting studies on SARS vaccines have cautioned repeatedly against human trials;“An early concern for application of a SARS-CoV vaccine was the experience with other coronavirus infections which induced enhanced disease and immunopathology in animals when challenged with infectious virus [31], a concern reinforced by the report that animals given an alum adjuvanted SARS vaccine and subsequently challenged with SARS-CoV exhibited an immunopathologic lung reaction reminiscent of that described for respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) in infants and in animal models given RSV vaccine and challenged naturally (infants) or artificially (animals) with RSV [32], [33]. We and others described a similar immunopathologic reaction in mice vaccinated with a SARS-CoV vaccine and subsequently challenged with SARS-CoV [18], [20], [21], [28]. It has been proposed that the nucleocapsid protein of SARS-CoV is the antigen to which the immunopathologic reaction is directed [18], [21]. Thus, concern for proceeding to humans with candidate SARS-CoV vaccines emerged from these various observations.” – Tseng et al.,The disease progression in of 2019-nCoV is consistent with those seen in animals and humans vaccinated against SARS and then challenged with re-infection. Thus, the hypothesis that 2019-nCoV is an experimental vaccine type must be seriously considered.Evidence for: Sequence homology between INS1378 to pShuttle Coronavirus vaccine; presence of a SARS-like Spike protein in bat coronavirus, otherwise most similar to bat coronaviruses; low bootstrap value.Evidence against: Low sequence homology (but highly signifiant). NB these viruses are RNA viruses and they can evolve quickly, even under laboratory conditions.Status: Most likely.Test: Determine the nucleotide sequence all laboratory types of coronavirus being studied in China (a match will confirm). Find an isolate that matches 2019-nCoV in the wild and reproducibly independently isolate the virus from a wild animal (a match will falsify).The available evidence most strongly supports that the 2019-NCoV virus is a vaccine strain of coronavirus either accidentally released from a laboratory accident, perhaps a laboratory researcher becoming infected with the virus while conducting animal experiments, or the Chinese were performing clinical studies of a Coronavirus vaccine in humans.Dr. Dale Brown brought to my attention the studies that have reported serious immunopathology in animals – rats, ferrets, and monkeys – in which animals vaccinated against coronoviruses tended to have extremely high rates of respiratory failure upon subsequent exposure in the study when challenged with the wild-type coronavirus.“Caution in proceeding to application of a SARS-CoV vaccine in humans is indicated”- Te et al., 2012 [Full Text]Yasui et al., (2012) reported severe pneumonia in mice who were vaccinated against SARS who were subsequently infected with SARS.Another study of a double-inactived SARS vaccine found increased eosinophilic proinflammatory responses in vaccinated mice, especially older mice, writing:“Importantly, aged animals displayed increased eosinophilic immune pathology in the lungs and were not protected against significant virus replication.”If the Chinese government has been conducting human trials against SARS. MERS, or other coronviruses using recombined viruses, they may have made their citizens far more susceptible to acute respiratory distress syndrome upon infection with 2019-nCoV coronavirus.The implications are clear: if China sensitized their population via a SARS vaccine, and this escaped from a lab, the rest of world has a serious humanitarian urgency to help China, but may not expect as serious an epidemic as might otherwise be expected.In the worst-case scenario, if the vaccination strain is more highly contagious and lethal, 2019-nCoV could become the worst example of vaccine-derived contagious disease in human history. With an uncharacteristic aysmptomatic prodromal period of 5-7 days, individuals returning from China to other countries must be forthright and cooperative in their now-prescribed 2-week quarantine.|0
In a very strage turn of events, renowned scientist Frank Plummer who received Saudi SARS Coronavirus sample and was working on Coronavirus (HIV) vaccine in the Winnipeg based Canadian lab from where the virus was smuggled by Chinese Biowarfare agents and weaponized as revealed in GreatGameIndia investigation, has died in mysterious conditions. Frank Plummer was the key to the Chinese Biological Espionage case at Winnipeg’s National Microbiology Laboratory.EXCLUSIVE: Coronavirus Bioweapon – How China Stole Coronavirus From Canada And Weaponized It (watch here Visualizing The Secret History Of Coronavirus)Watch the exclusive interview of Bioweapons Expert Dr. Francis Boyle on Coronavirus Biological Warfare blocked by the Deep State. According to CBC, Plummer, 67, was in Kenya, where he was a keynote speaker at the annual meeting of the University of Nairobi’s collaborative centre for research and training in HIV/AIDS/STIs.Dr. Larry Gelmon, who helped set up that meeting, said Plummer collapsed and was taken to hospital in Nairobi, where he was pronounced dead on arrival.No confirmed cause of death has yet been released.Plummer was born and raised in Winnipeg, where he headed up Canada’s National Microbiology Laboratory for several years.He was also involved in an innovative research partnership between the University of Manitoba and the University of Nairobi, established before the world was very aware of HIV/AIDS.“He helped to identify a lot of the key factors that are involved in HIV transmission in the early days,” said Keith Fowke, a professor in the medical microbiology and infectious diseases department at the University of Manitoba.“He was so hopeful that he was on the path that would end with discovery of the HIV vaccine — the road he had started down almost 30 years ago,” said Plummer’s colleague, Dr. Allan Ronald.What is not mentioned in the CBC report however is that Plummer worked in the same National Microbiology Laboratory (NML) in Winnipeg, Canada from where Chinese Biowarfare agent Xiangguo Qiu and her colleagues smuggled SARS Coronavirus to China’s Wuhan Institute of Virology where it is believed to have been weaponized and leaked.Infact, as GreatGameIndia reported in our exclusive report on Coronavirus Bioweapon, as Scientific Director Frank Plummer was the one who acquired the SARS Coronavirus sample of the Saudi patient at the NML Winnipeg Lab from Ron Fouchier, a leading virologist at the Erasmus Medical Center (EMC) in Rotterdam, the Netherlands who was sent the virus by Egyptian virologist Dr. Ali Mohamed Zaki who isolated and identified a previously unknown type of Coronavirus from the Saudi patient’s lungs.Fouchier sequenced the virus from a sample sent by Zaki using a broad-spectrum “pan-coronavirus” real-time polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) method to test for distinguishing features of a number of known coronaviruses known to infect humans.This Coronavirus sample arrived at Canada’s NML Winnipeg facility on May 4, 2013 from the Dutch lab received by Frank Plummer. The Canadian lab grew up stocks of the virus and used it to assess diagnostic tests being used in Canada. Winnipeg scientists worked to see which animal species can be infected with the new virus.Research was done in conjunction with the Canadian Food Inspection Agency’s national lab, the National Centre for Foreign Animal Diseases which is housed in the same complex as the National Microbiology Laboratory.This Winnipeg based Canadian lab was targeted by Chinese agents in what could be termed as Biological Espionage. The viruses was reportedly stolen from the Canadian lab by Chinese Biowarfare agent Xiangguo Qiu and her colleagues and smuggled to none other than the Wuhan Institute of Virology where the virus is believed to be weaponized and leaked.Further, Frank Plummer was also working on HIV vaccine and interesting recently published study be Indian scientists found HIV-like injections in Wuhan Coronavirus – the key that made the jump to people possible. The Indian Scientists came under massive online criticism by Social Media experts and were  forced to withdraw their study, in retaliation of which now the Indian authorities have opened an investigation against China’s Wuhan Institute of Virology. Although it should be noted that now China has started using HIV vaccine to cure Coronavirus.Frank Plummer was the key to the entire investigation on the origins of Coronavirus Bioweapon. But will the Canadian government open an investigation into this matter? Unlike their American counterparts who have charged the Chinese Biowarfare agents trying to smuggle deadly viruses from Harvard University, the deatils of the Canadian investigation on the Winnipeg Biological Espionage case is shrouded in secrecy.|0
5G is a new radio technology, so naturally those most concerned about environmental health have been asking if it's safe. New antennas are going up outside apartment windows, and most of us tend to keep our phones quite close to us at all times. There's a lot of science on the subject, and also a lot of pseudo-science. We try to cut through the bull to explain the safety issues with radio waves in general, cell phones in particular, and what makes 5G different.We're going to start by explaining the terminology used for this topic, because there are some common misconceptions about what these terms mean. Then we're going to cover radio waves in general, because there are important, relevant principles that apply to all radio waves, including all cell phones, and all 5G technology. Finally, we'll get into what makes "5G" unique.Also, if you're concerned about this topic because you came across an alarming article or TV segment about the dangers of 5G, make sure that wasn't actually Russian propaganda designed to hold back the US technologically and economically. Because yes, the Russians are doing exactly that.Terminology.When looking into whether phones might pose any kind of health risk to humans, it doesn't take long to run into scary-sounding terms like "radiation", "absorption", and "safe power levels". You also quickly run into summaries of research that seem to leave a lot of wiggle room, or include alarming statements like "possibly carcinogenic to humans". In order to approach this topic rationally, it's vital to take a step back and understand what these terms mean in context. These statements are written by scientists, who strive to use language that is scientifically accurate. But what those same terms mean to you and I is often quite different.For example, the term "radiation" comes up a lot. If you're like me, your mind might jump to something like Chernobyl when you hear this term. But the dictionary definition for the word "radiation" is "emitting energy in the form of waves or particles". So it's very broad and includes a great many things, most of which have nothing to do with radioactive particles. Phones "radiate" radio waves the same way a speaker radiates sound, or a fireplace radiates warmth. That's all "radiation" means to a scientist.You'll also see the term "absorption", in reference to human flesh absorbing radio waves. This might also sound scary. Your body can absorb many frequencies of radio waves, which means the atoms in your tissue are, in some incredibly-tiny-but-measurable way, interacting with those waves. (And unless you live in a deep cave or faraday cage, your body does absorb radio waves all day, every day.) Asking what effect those waves have on your body is a valid question to ask. The short version is that it's like putting your hand in front of a flashlight; your hand absorbs most radio waves the same way it absorbs most light, with the same risk to your health. (More on this later.)Scientists and researchers tend to err on the side of caution when studying health risks. They're careful to acknowledge unknowns and risks, however small. It's a bit like ads for medical drugs. An ad on TV might tell you that taking a drug could lead to death, just because one person died during a clinical trial, even if there's no evidence the drug was related to that death. But your doctor knows more about those trials and can tell you that the drug is extremely safe. Similarly, you'll probably never see a reputable study that unequivocally declares "cell phones are safe". As much as the average person would like to hear that, that's simply not how serious scientific research works. The best we can hope for is ample research showing that if any health risk exists, that risk is very small. (And that is exactly where we are. More on this later.)But as long as there are risk levels and uncertainty, however insignificant, there will be scary phrasing like the "possibly carcinogenic to humans" classification of radio waves by the International Agency for Research on Cancer. Eeek! Out of context, that does sound scary, right? But let's put it in context. First of all, their category for "possible" is distinct from their category for "probable", and even when they say "probable", it doesn't mean a link has been proven. Other items in the "possibly carcinogenic to humans" category include coffee, the power lines inside your house, and baby powder. Finally, this "possibly carcinogenic" classification for radio waves is for all radio waves, not just cell phones. The world has been full of all kinds of radio waves for a hundred years, with no major ill effect.The electromagnetic spectrum.As you may recall from school, radiofrequency (RF) waves exist on the electromagnetic spectrum, which also includes visible light, x-rays, and gamma rays.There is a part of the electromagnetic spectrum that can be harmful to humans, and it's everything above visible light. That includes some ultraviolet light (which is why we use sunscreen), x-rays, and gamma rays. X-rays and gamma rays are ionizing radiation, which means they have enough energy to change the makeup of atoms (by removing an electron.) In humans, that can damage DNA, which raises the risk of cancer.Radio waves are below visible light on the spectrum, along with infrared light. This is the safe — or non-ionizing — side of the spectrum, where frequencies — and thus energy levels — are too low to knock electrons out of atoms. That limits the kinds of effects radio waves can have on human tissue and DNA.Note that "energy" in this context is not the same as power level (strength). Think of it like your teeth. An ultrasonic toothbrush (or a dentist's ultrasonic pick) uses super-fast vibrations (high frequencies) to make plaque and tartar practically fly off your teeth. That's analogous to how the high frequencies of gamma rays have enough "energy" to knock electrons out of atoms. However if you just tap your teeth quickly with your knuckle, you might be applying much more force (a higher power level), but you'd be accomplishing nothing, because of the much lower frequency (your hand muscles can't vibrate your knuckle thousands of times per second.)Radio waves can interact with and affect matter, but generally only in the same way as their neighbors on the electromagnetic spectrum, infrared light and visible light. That is by vibrating atoms, which humans experience as heat.So that's really all that radio waves are capable of doing to humans: heating them up. In fact, that's exactly how a microwave oven works. But the power levels are very different. (Good luck running a microwave oven on batteries!) That's part of why the FCC regulates radio power levels: to make sure no one is getting cooked. Of course, if you were getting cooked by radio waves – or even just slightly warmed up – you'd feel it.Who should you trust?There are many studies by industry groups on this subject, but I wouldn't blame anyone for not trusting any industry when it comes to whether its own products are safe.How about the government? The FDA has investigated the issue in depth and determined that cell phones are safe, and set radio emission power level limits below "safe" levels just to be extra-safe. Those limits are enforced by the FCC. Those limits were created by non-political career scientists and haven't changed during various administrations, regardless of whether those in power were considered more business-friendly or consumer-friendly. The FDA, FCC, and CDC all agree that the issue has been studied, and no clear evidence of danger has been found. And yet, plenty of people simply don't trust the government, so let's see if we can find a group that's more unbiased and above reproach.That leads us to the American Cancer Society (ACS). If you're not familiar, they are one of the oldest and most highly-respected non-profit organizations devoted to researching and fighting cancer. They were instrumental in exposing cigarettes as a carcinogen. Their staff numbers well over 5,000, they're independent, and their only agenda is fighting cancer.Are radio waves safe?You should read all of what the ACS has to say on the subject. It's very comprehensive. But to sum up:The RF waves given off by cell phones don’t have enough energy to damage DNA directly or to heat body tissues. Because of this, it’s not clear how cell phones might be able to cause cancer. Most studies done in the lab have supported the idea that RF waves do not cause DNA damage.Specifically regarding studies on humans, they have this to say:In most studies patients with brain tumors do not report more cell phone use overall than the controls. This finding is true when all brain tumors are considered as a group, or when specific types of tumors are considered.Most studies do not show a “dose-response relationship,” which would be a tendency for the risk of brain tumors to be higher with increasing cell phone use. This would be expected if cell phone use caused brain tumors.Most studies do not show that brain tumors occur more often on the side of the head where people hold their cell phones. This might also be expected if cell phone use caused brain tumors.They also mention a Swedish study that did claim to find a small link on that last point, but also:It is hard to know what to make of these findings because most studies by other researchers have not had the same results, and there is no overall increase in brain tumors in Sweden during the years that correspond to these reports.If there was a remotely significant risk of cancer from cell phones, you would expect the ACS to be setting off alarm bells. They are not; quite the opposite, as you can see above. The majority of studies show that there is no risk, or if there is, it is incredibly small.What about heat?Cancer is not the only concern, though. As the FDA notes, heating (the microwave-oven effect) can be a particular concern in certain body parts:While RF energy doesn’t ionize particles, large amounts can increase body temperatures and cause tissue damage. Two areas of the body, the eyes and the testes, are particularly vulnerable to RF heating because there is relatively little blood flow in them to carry away excess heat.The key phrase is "large amounts". The power levels put out by phones simply aren't enough to heat up human tissue. The absolute maximum legal limit for radio energy output of a cell phone is 1/1,000th that of a microwave oven. And modern phones almost never transmit at anywhere near that level. Phones use many sophisticated technologies to make sure they're outputting the absolute minimum amount of radio energy at any given moment, simply to conserve battery life.Also, the way most of us use our phones, your phone receives far more than it transmits. A phone that's strictly downloading data isn't outputting any radio energy at all. (Phones are almost always uploading and downloading, but it's very heavily skewed to the download side in most situations.)To reach the maximum RF power level output from your phone, (which is still about 1/2,000th that of a microwave oven,) you'd need to do something like broadcast live-stream video from your phone in a part of your network with relatively poor coverage. Even then, the leading research says you should be fine. But if you're skeptical, maybe don't hold your phone against your eyeballs or testicles (if you have them) while you engage in that (very specific) activity.And what is the "risk" here? Not cancer; we've established that. We're talking about your eyeball being a fraction of a degree warmer, for likely just few minutes. That's a risk I'm fine with.What makes 5G different. There are two "flavors" of 5G: mmWave and non-mmWave. In the US, both are being deployed. It's important to make the distinction. mmWave stands for millimeter wave, and refers the frequency. It's only the mmWave type of 5G that requires new kinds of antennas in new places, because the frequencies are much higher. If you're seeing those antennas being installed on light poles in your neighborhood, those are mmWave antennas.Some companies are deploying 5G in existing frequency bands also used for 4G – not mmWave – and using essentially the same kinds of antennas you're used to seeing for decades on towers and rooftops. Sprint is doing this exclusively for its 5G network so far; they're not using mmWave at all. This flavor of 5G (sometimes call sub-6 GHz) is no different from 4G when it comes to the way it affects the human body.(In fact, the 5G standard is heavily based on the 4G standard. One dirty secret of the industry is that the 5G standard is barely a new standard at all, but more like an evolution of the 4G standard.). So when people say 5G is a new thing that requires further study on its health effects, they're technically talking about mmWave frequency bands, not the 5G standard itself.As for mmWave, it's still just radio waves, and all radio waves are non-ionizing, which is the "safe" end of the electromagnetic spectrum, as explained above.But if anything, mmWave frequencies are far "safer" than other radio frequency bands (not to say those are dangerous.) That's because radio waves at frequencies that high don't penetrate solids well, including your body. The outer layers of your skin block the signal quite well, as do walls and even glass. That's why a mmWave 5G network needs so many antennas spread around town, so close together. It needs a dense mesh of antennas to provide decent coverage given how poorly it penetrates anything solid.So when it comes to physics and the human body, the only new thing about 5G is that the mmWave flavor of it is too weak to even reach your insides, much less cause any health effects to them.mmWave radio energy can only reach your skin. There, all it can theoretically do is heat it up, although it's not powerful enough to actually do so. Even if it could, your skin is the one part of your body best-equipped to shed any excess heat; in fact that's part of its function.|1
You are about to swallow a giant red pill, my friend — but, first, I want to express my sincere condolences to anyone who has been negatively affected by the situation, whether through illness, financial hardships, loss of life, or loss of your former lifestyle. I also released a full episode all about my thoughts and a spiritual perspective on this hardship last week, so go back and check out episode 270. (It ends on a positive note, I promise!).This week, however, we’re digging into the possible connection between the coronavirus and 5G. This is a question that was first brought to my attention by Dr. Thomas Cowan in a couple of YouTube videos, which may or may not still be viewable thanks to the rampant big tech censorship going on right now. Then, if you try using that ubiquitous search engine to learn more, you’ll see results from the MSM going out of their way to discredit Dr. Cowan and mischaracterizing what he said.But why are they working so hard to silence this point of view? Who gains from trying to squash anyone who’s just asking questions, and what’s wrong with asking these questions in the first place? If this hypothesis is just flat out wrong and doesn’t include any medical advice at all, why does it need to be removed from every corner of YouTube and censored?So, as these questions were swirling around my head, I just had to go straight to the source and Dr. Cowan on a call.I’ve actually been a fan of Dr. Cowan and the powders he makes at Dr. Cowan’s Garden for a long time now, and I’ve been looking for a good reason to bring him onto the show — and I don’t think we’re going to get a better reason than this any time soon.|0
Since the outbreak of 2019 novel coronavirus infection (2019-nCoV) in Wuhan City, China, by January 30, 2020, a total of 9692 confirmed cases and 15,238 suspected cases have been reported around 31 provinces or cities in China. Among the confirmed cases, 1527 were severe cases, 171 had recovered and been discharged at home, and 213 died. And among these cases, a total of 28 children aged from 1 month to 17 years have been reported in China. For standardizing prevention and management of 2019-nCoV infections in children, we called up an experts' committee to formulate this experts' consensus statement. This statement is based on the Novel Coronavirus Infection Pneumonia Diagnosis and Treatment Standards (the fourth edition) (National Health Committee) and other previous diagnosis and treatment strategies for pediatric virus infections. The present consensus statement summarizes current strategies on diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of 2019-nCoVinfection in children.|0
The highest level of court in Chhina, Supreme People’s Court, is expected to give an approval on Friday for the mass killing of coronavirus patients in China as sure means of controlling the spread of the deadly virus. The State tells the court that China is on the verge of losing its health workers to Coronavirus as at least 20 health workers contract the virus daily. The State argues that coronavirus patients admitted at hospitals only have their deaths delayed and infect many others while receiving care at the hospital. China has been under criticism for human rights violations and organizations have questioned China’s approach in dealing with the Coronavirus outbreak and it is believed the country has already killed many of its coronavirus patients.|0
The Vaccine Alliance is planning to vaccinate an additional 300 million children from 2021 to 2025. Bill Gates and the Vatican are linking up on May 14, 2020 for Pope Francis's Global Education Pact with World Leaders. US military is working to develop coronavirus vaccine. Print Out of List of Ingredients In Vaccines: https://savinghealthministries.com/wp.Breakthrough: Israeli Scientists Say They’ll Have a Coronavirus Vaccine in Just Weeks. Opting out of vaccinations should not be an option based on some leading medical experts.On Tuesday, Maine’s voters will be asked in a referendum if it’s acceptable to allow parents to send their unvaccinated children.Measles vaccination becomes mandatory in Germany.Parents in Germany must vaccinate their children against measles or face substantial fines, according to a new law that takes effect this month.The controversial new regulation was approved last year after the country recorded more than 500 cases of the disease.Germany's Minister of Health, Jens Spahn, said education about the importance of vaccination was not enough.Parents must provide proof of immunisation. Religious Vaccine Exemption Bills Spark Debate Across the United States. A recent Pew Research Center study found that more than 88% of adults support requiring healthy children to receive vaccines in order to attend school to avoid the potential risk to others.However, ongoing legislative efforts to remove religious exemptions from vaccinations have led to protests by anti-vaccination advocates.A bill known as SB3668 has been put before the state Senate to refrain from vaccinating their children on religious grounds. The legislation would additionally remove most medical exemptions for vaccines that are required to attend school.Virginia bill would add more required vaccines for students.A bill in Virginia could add more required vaccines for students.Right now, the Virginia Department of Health requires nine vaccinations. However, that number could grow to 13.The bill would require Virginia students to receive every vaccine that the CDC recommends for children.Maine’s stricter law on vaccination requirements up for a vote.When Maine’s voters head to the polls in the presidential primaries Tuesday, they also will cast a vote on an issue many physicians wish had never been politicized — a referendum to overturn a new law that would allow unvaccinated children to attend school only if they have received a waiver from a medical professional.The new law, which would take effect in September 2021, aims to boost immunization among school-age children in a state where just over 5 percent of kindergartners are unvaccinated not only for medical reasons but because of their parents’ religious or philosophical beliefs. That puts Maine below the 95 percent threshold that public health officials say is necessary to stop the spread of preventable and sometimes deadly diseases like the measles.Misinformation campaigns have raised fears about the alleged dangers of immunization, which extensive research has shown are unwarranted.Global vaccine coalition unveils ambitious plan to immunize 300 million children.Gavi, the Vaccine Alliance, has unveiled an ambitious plan to expand the number of doses it helps developing countries purchase, aiming to vaccinate an additional 300 million children from 2021 to 2025.The Geneva-based organization revealed to donors it needs $7.4 billion for its five-year period at an event in Japan on Friday (local time) to launch its replenishment drive.Gavi CEO Dr. Seth Berkley said several other major global health programs — the Global Polio Eradication Initiative and the Global Fund to Fight HIV, Tuberculosis and Malaria among them — are also undertaking funding drives.Vatican’s Academy for Life encourages parents to vaccinate children. Bill Gates reveals his family attends Catholic church. Vatican urged to partner with top population controllers on pope’s Global Education Pact. American economist and population control proponent Jeffrey Sachs has announced that potential funding partners for Pope Francis’s May 2020 Global Education Pact to create a “new humanism” include U.S. billionaire philanthropist Bill Gates. Big Pharma spends record millions on lobbying amid pressure to lower drug prices|0
With a clear head and some simple tips, you can help reduce your risk, prepare your family and do your part to protect others.The coronavirus continues to spread worldwide, with over 1.2 million confirmed cases and at least 72,000 dead. In the United States, there have been at least 350,000 cases and more than 10,500 deaths, according to a New York Times database.The coronavirus is spreading very quickly. Older Americans, those with underlying health conditions and those without a social safety net are the most vulnerable to the infection and to its societal disruption.Though life as we know it is sharply off kilter, there are measures you can take.Most important: Do not panic. With a clear head and some simple tips, you can help reduce your risk, prepare your family and do your part to protect others.|1
The coronavirus has saturated news, social media and conversations around the world for the past few weeks. And people understandably have questions such as; masks to wear or not to wear? Or, will the flu shot protect you from coronavirus? No. Is the coronavirus anything to do with Corona beer? No, come on. But with so much focus on the topic and new information about the outbreak coming out constantly, inevitably a slew of spurious information is also flooding the internet and coronavirus has resulted in several, well...viral news stories with little scientific merit.The newest of these was a little unusual because it was based on a pre-print of a real scientific paper, (since removed just a few hours ago) uploaded to website bioRxiv, where scientists can present their completed, or near-completed studies, prior to peer-review by other scientists. The work, by a group based in India, was entitled “Uncanny similarity of unique inserts in the 2019-nCoV spike protein to HIV-1 gp120 and Gag.”Seeing HIV and coronavirus in the same sentence is understandably a little startling, so what does it actually mean?“Based on analysis of multiple, very short regions of proteins in the novel coronavirus, the bioRxiv paper claimed that the new coronavirus may have acquired these regions from HIV,” said Arinjay Banerjee, PhD, a postdoctoral fellow in virology at McMaster University in Ontario, Canada who has extensively studied coronaviruses.Some types of viruses can swap pieces of their genetic code and in this case,the authors of the study say that the specific coronavirus which is involved in the most recent outbreak (2019-nCoV) has four small chunks of sequence in its genetic code which are not found in other, similar coronaviruses like SARS. According to the authors, these pieces bear some resemblance to bits of sequence also found in HIV.However, the authors then speculated that this might not be a coincidence and perhaps the bits of genetic code were put there intentionally. The conspiracy theory was addressed today by a scientist from the Wuhan Institute of Virology at the Chinese Academy of Sciences, who rubbished the claims.The wider scientific community, upon seeing the paper, were also less than impressed with these conclusions and speculations and swiftly set about not only voicing their concerns, but analyzing the data to double-check the results.Essentially, the scientists found that yes, there are some additions in the nCoV coronavirus originating in Wuhan that other coronaviruses don’t have, which are similar to pieces of sequence found in HIV. But, the kicker here is that these pieces of genetic code are also found in countless other viruses and there’s no reason to believe they specifically came from HIV, at all.“The authors compared very short regions of proteins in the novel coronavirus and concluded that the small segments of proteins were similar to segments in HIV proteins. Comparing very short segments can often generate false positives and it is difficult to make these conclusions using small protein segments,” said Banerjee.The paper was withdrawn from bioRxiv on Sunday afternoon with one of the authors stating: “ it was not our intention to feed into the conspiracy theories and no such claims are made here.” The author further declares that the researchers will revise the paper and re-analyze the data before submitting it again.But despite the removal, the pre-print paper has stimulated a heap of discussion about HIV and coronavirus. Many people have asked on social media why, if coronavirus does not have pieces of HIV in it, HIV drugs are being used in some cases to treat the virus, with preliminary evidence that they, and other anti-viral drugs appear to be working in some cases.“Some antiviral drugs can work against fundamental and generic steps involved in RNA virus replication. Anti-HIV drugs that inhibit viral RNA (genome) replication or the process of making viral protein from viral RNA may also work against other RNA viruses. This depends on the mode of action of the drugs,” explains Banerjee.Presumably in response to the rather critical attention that this paper received, bioRxiv has added a banner ‘warning’ to every new preprint on the website:“bioRxiv is receiving many new papers on coronavirus 2019-nCoV. A reminder: these are preliminary reports that have not been peer-reviewed. They should not be regarded as conclusive, guide clinical practice/health-related behavior, or be reported in news media as established information,” read the statement.Publishing scientific articles as pre-prints without any peer review beforehand is controversial and complex, with one valid question being whether media outlets should cover pre-print work and risk potentially misinforming the public if the original results are not quite up to scratch, as happened with the recent HIV/coronavirus paper. Has this recent incident tarnished the reputation of preprints?“No. In fact, I believe that this is why pre-prints were established. The scientific community can provide feedback prior to formal peer-review. Pre-prints offer the authors an opportunity to seek feedback from a wider scientific community, more than the 2-3 peer-reviewers in a formal review setting,” said Banerjee, stating that this paper certainly would not have passed official peer review.“It is unfortunate that multiple articles on pre-print servers were victims of viral social media posts, especially studies that were not robust or scientifically sound,” said Banerjee. “But I am impressed how quickly other researchers debunked the studies and reanalyzed the data,” he added.|1
The COVID-19 virus primarily spreads when one person breathes in droplets that are produced when an infected person coughs or sneezes. In addition, any infected person, with or without symptoms, could spread the virus by touching a surface. The coronavirus could remain on that surface and someone else could touch it and then touch their mouth, nose or eyes. That's why it's so important to try to avoid touching public surfaces or at least try to wipe them with a disinfectant.Social distancing refers to actions taken to stop or slow down the spread of a contagious disease. For an individual, it refers to maintaining enough distance (6 feet or more) between yourself and another person to avoid getting infected or infecting someone else. School closures, directives to work from home, library closings, and cancelling meetings and larger events help enforce social distancing at a community level.Slowing down the rate and number of new coronavirus infections is critical to reduce the risk that large numbers of critically ill patients cannot receive life-saving care. Highly realistic projections show that unless we begin extreme social distancing now — every day matters — our hospitals and other healthcare facilities will not be able to handle the likely influx of patients.|1
Are people with high blood pressure (hypertension) at higher risk from COVID-19?At this time, we do not think that people with high blood pressure and no other underlying health conditions are more likely than others to get severely ill from COVID-19. Although many people who have gotten severely ill from COVID-19 have high blood pressure, they are often older or have other medical conditions like obesity, diabetes, and serious heart conditions that place them at higher risk of severe illness from COVID-19.If you have high blood pressure, it’s critically important that you keep your blood pressure under control to lower your risk for heart disease and strokes. Take your blood pressure medications as directed, keep a log of your blood pressure every day if you are able to take your blood pressure at home, and work with your healthcare team to make sure your blood pressure is well controlled. Any changes to your medications should be made in consultation with your healthcare team.Should I continue to take my blood pressure medication?Yes. Continue to take your blood pressure medications exactly as prescribed and make lifestyle modifications agreed upon in your treatment plan. Continue all your regular medications, including angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors (ACE-Is) or angiotensin receptor blockers (ARBs), as prescribed by your healthcare team. This is recommended by current clinical guidelines from the American Heart Association, the Heart Failure Society of America, and the American College of Cardiology|1
With this virus, and any virus, remember it HATES the sun ... they die with heat (hot showers, baths, & sauna). Please hydrate, increase C, Zinc, Vit D3 & A, Selenium & Iodine. Gargle w/ warm salt water multiple times a day.|0
drinking hot water and sun exposure" and "stay away from ice cream and eating cold.""Corona virus when it falls on the fabric remains 9 hours, so ‘washing clothes’ or ‘being exposed to the sun for two hours’ meets the purpose of killing it," reads the handout in the photo.|0
To date, there is no specific medicine recommended to prevent or treat the new coronavirus (2019-nCoV). However, those infected with the virus should receive appropriate care to relieve and treat symptoms, and those with severe illness should receive optimized supportive care. Some specific treatments are under investigation, and will be tested through clinical trials. WHO is helping to accelerate research and development efforts with a range or partners.|1
Regarding the Wuhan Coronavirus: Stephen Buhner . . . has done extensive research on coronaviruses . . . He has treated them very successfully using his protocols. A few days ago he posted on facebook a 4 part protocol specific for the Wuhan outbreak. The last few days I have been working very hard to set up a website coronavirusdefense.com up to sell Mr. Buhner’s protocol. With active infection: very strong boneset tea, to 6x day. I have used this with other corona virus infections, including SARS, it works well.As the deadly cornavirus [sic] rapidly spreads across the globe with no antidote available . . . Stephen Harrod Buhner has created an updated coronavirus protocol specifically for the Wuhan outbreak. Formula # 4 – Loose Leaf TeaBoneset(Only use if infected)Acute Dosage: 1 cup 6x /dayChronic Dosage: 2 cup 4x /dayAntiviral action. Each 100 ml of product will last 16 days for a preventative dose and 8 days for an infection dosage. . . .Take Extracts #1 through #3 as preventative. . . .If you are infected, take all 4 products and use the infection dosage.|0
Unfortunately, there is as yet no vaccination or cure for coronavirus. The EU has already mobilised €140 million for research towards a cure and vaccine. Vaccinations are one of the greatest successes of public health. Worldwide, it saves at least 2-3 million lives each year – and saves many more from crippling and lifelong illnesses.While the EU actively promotes that vaccines work, there are no plans to impose mass vaccinations. On the other hand, there are plenty of people spreading unscientific anti-vaccine claims. These claims prey on emotions and fear, causing significant harm to public health.|1
The most important thing to know about coronavirus on surfaces is that they can easily be cleaned with common household disinfectants that will kill the virus. Studies have shown that the COVID-19 virus can survive for up to 72 hours on plastic and stainless steel, less than 4 hours on copper and less than 24 hours on cardboard.As, always clean your hands with an alcohol-based hand rub or wash them with soap and water. Avoid touching your eyes, mouth, or nose.|1
The "novel Coronavirus" outbreak affecting China and many other countries right now, has been determined to be a military BIO-WEAPON, which was being worked on at the Wuhan Virology Laboratory by China's People's Liberation Army, Nanjiang Command.  Somehow, it got out.  The world is now facing a massive wipe-out of humanity as a result.The proof that this virus is a genetically-modified Bat-SARS-Like Virus, manipulated by the Chinese Army, appears below.  The evidence is irrefutable.Two separate components of genetic sequencing from HIV-1,  the virus which causes AIDS, were added to Bat-SARS-Like coronavirus in the laboratory, thereby allowing it to infect human lungs via the ACES2 receptors in our lungs, and to disrupt the human body ability to fight it off, by reducing human leukocytes.BIO-WEAPON PROOF.. Make no mistake: this disease is, in fact, a MILITARY biological weapon.   The disease sequence from the original Bat coronavirus was uploaded to the National Center for Biotechnology Information at the US National Library of Medicine, in the year 2018 by China's Institute of Military Medicine, Nanjing Command.  The image below from the National Center for Biotechnology Information proves the upload. That Bat-SARS-Like coronavirus was issued Reference ID: AVP 70833.1 by the National Center for Biotechnology Information at the U.S. Library of Medicine.The present outbreak of "novel Coronavirus" was uploaded to that same National Center for Biotechnology Information in January of this year by the Shanghai Public Heath Clinical Center and was issued Reference ID: QHD3418.1.  Here is proof of THAT upload. Using the test facilities known as BLAST (Basic Local Alignment Search Tool) from the U.S. National Library of Medicine researchers have determined that the "virus envelope" of those two separate diseases, are 100% identical!   Here is the BLAST Test result. a new study shows that elements of HIV have been found in the new "novel coronavirus!"   From that study:We are currently witnessing a major epidemic caused by the 2019 novel coronavirus (2019- nCoV). The evolution of 2019-nCoV remains elusive. We found 4 insertions in the spike glycoprotein (S) which are unique to the 2019-nCoV and are not present in other coronaviruses. Importantly, amino acid residues in all the 4 inserts have identity or similarity to those in the HIV-1 gp120 or HIV-1 Gag. Interestingly, despite the inserts being discontinuous on the primary amino acid sequence, 3D-modelling of the 2019-nCoV suggests that they converge to constitute the receptor binding site. The finding of 4 unique inserts in the 2019-nCoV, all of which have identity similarity to amino acid residues in key structural proteins of HIV-1 is unlikely to be fortuitous in nature.There is no way in nature that the Bat coronavirus could fortuitously acquire the HIV genetic sequences, without causing a mutation of the Virus Envelope.   The ONLY way the virus envelope could obtain the HIV genetics and still remain 100% identical to the 2018 sample, is if the HIV genes were added in a laboratory.So what the human race is now facing, is an accidentally-released military bio-weapon.  The original Bat-SARS-Like Coronavirus was identified by China's People's Liberation Army, through the Institute of Military Medicine, Nanjiang Command in the year 2018.  They uploaded the virus sequence and they were the sole entity in possession of the virus.Here we are, two years later, and the virus they had has been changed in a way that cannot occur in nature without mutating the virus envelope protein.This isn't rocket science; this is as plain as day.  China conducted genetic manipulation of their Bat-SARS-like virus and created a new virus capable of infecting humans.  That new virus was apparently accidentally-released and is the "novel coronavirus" the world is now battling.I am sorry to have to report, many of us are very likely to LOSE this battle.  Just like many are already losing their battle inside China and elsewhere.QUARANTINE. Within the first month of this outbreak in China, the government there effectively QUARANTINED more than fifty-six MILLION people (56,000,000) in nineteen (19) major cities, even though China reported publicly that only a few hundred were infected and only about 25 had died by that time.WHY?Why would China lockdown 19 cities and effectively Quarantine 56 Million people for such a trivial disease?   Because China KNEW it wasn't trivial.  China KNEW it was a military bio-weapon which had accidentally gotten out.  And China also KNEW how far this would spread and how fast.  China is guilty as sin.DISEASE FACTS:Here are the now-established FACTS about this disease:This disease has an eighty-three percent (83%) infection rate.  That means if 100 people are EXPOSED to this virus, 83 WILL get sick from it.The Disease can spread by AIR.  It is HIGHLY, HIGHLY contagious.When a person breathes, virus comes out with those breaths.  Same thing when a person sneezes or coughs. Same when urinating or having a bowel movement.  ALL OF IT HAS VIRUS IN IT.The virus can live OUTSIDE a person, in the air or on a surface, for a minimum of five days, and a maximum of twenty eight days.So if an infected person goes into a store or supermarket, or public bathroom, or a school, office, warehouse . . . . or anywhere . . . . touches products on shelves and puts anything back, or sneezes or coughs, his virus gets on the products in that store or supermarket, bathroom, school, office, warehouse, etc., and can survive.YOU walk-in a couple minutes, hours or even DAYS later, and pick up the same item, or even smell their stink in the bathroom - POW, you're infected.WORSE: This virus can infect others through the eyes and ears. Let's say you're walking inside somewhere and an infected person was there minutes earlier and coughed or sneezed.   The cough or sneeze threw microscopic droplets into the air, which float for awhile.  A few minutes later, you walk through that air.  One or more of the microscopic droplets gets on your eye.  You don't even KNOW it because the things are so small. You blink.  We all blink.Your eye lid pushes the virus off the surface of your eye, down into the bottom eye area, and the virus washes down into your tear duct.  POW- you're infected.It cannot be overstated that this virus is the worst public disease crisis the world has faced in over 100 years.  Not since the Spanish Flu of 1918 has the world faced such death and this is already heading toward being far WORSE than the Spanish Flu.The Spanish Flu spread worldwide during 1918-1919.  In the United States, it was first identified in military personnel in spring 1918. It is estimated that about 500 million people or one-third of the world’s population became infected with this virus. The number of deaths was estimated to be at least 50 million worldwide with about 675,000 occurring in the United States.When a disease outbreak occurs, one of the measurements that scientists use to see how badly the disease will spread is known as R0.The 1918-1919 pandemic-causing Spanish flu is estimated to have had an R0 ranging from 1.4 – 2.8, with a mean of 2.  This means that for every person infected, that person could be expected to infect another 1.4 to 2.8 additional people.I regret to report that the R0 of this Bio-Weapon is already showing itself to be R4.08   . . .  FAAAAAAR Worse than the 1918 Spanish Flu.Here's where things get very bad, very fast.According to Satistia, the number of all hospital beds in the U.S. 1975-2017, is decreasing. In 1975, there were about 1.5 million hospital beds in the U.S., but until 2017 the number dropped to just about 931 thousand. Aug 9, 2019.According to TrendingEconomics, Hospital beds (per 1,000 people) in United States was reported at 2.9 in 2013, according to the World Bank collection of development indicators, compiled from officially recognized sources. Hospital beds include inpatient beds available in public, private, general, and specialized hospitals and rehabilitation centers.Using the Infection Rate of 83% listed above, out of 1,000 people exposed to this Bio-Weapon, 830 will become infected.There are 2.9 Hospital beds per thousand US citizens.  So when 830 people get infected, how many can those 2.9 hospital beds hold???????   Yea. What happens to the rest?   They cannot get hospital care.Right now, when a person cannot get hospital care for this disease, the death rate for such people is 65-70%.That means me and you.  Dead.IT CAN (AND PROBABLY WILL) HAPPEN HERE. Many of the 56 Million people in 19 Quarantined cities have not eaten in days because there is no food remaining in the cities.  This is causing rioting.Delivery trucks are prohibited from entering these contaminated cities, for fear of spreading the Coronavirus to outlying areas.  People are literally FIGHTING each other to get food:People are trying virtually anything they can to ESCAPE the quarantine, to get food:Roadblocks erected by bulldozers, bucket loaders and backhoes, consisting of large piles of dirt, rocks, and other obstructions, now appear on most roads into and out of Quarantined cities.Some of these barriers were erected by government while others were erected by people in small towns and villages to keep the infected OUT.In the meantime, people throughout China are still simply DROPPING DEAD in their tracks:People in some areas are attacking others for merely COMING IN to their neighborhood; WARNING: People hit in head with PIPES:OUTSIDE CHINA, people are also dropping dead from this virus.In Mexico, this poor man waited far too long, until the disease became Hemorrhagic;  THIS is how this disease ends. Things inside China are getting so bad, Police are now BOARDING-UP People inside their apartments to KEEP THEM IN!And MORE people Nailed-in to their own homes:And once the police leave, other people are coming and SETTING THE HOMES ON FIRE to burn the infected people to death!CHINA ORDERS ALL PETS KILLED.Residential committees, village officials and companies from various provinces and municipalities issued a strict order to locals after receiving instructions from their superiors to tackle the epidemic, it has emerged.  They have ordered citizens to "get rid of" their pets or face having them culled.One village in Hebei urged all households to 'deal with' their pets within five days, otherwise officials would 'handle' them altogether; while another residential committee in Shaanxi instructed people to 'consider the overall situation' and dispose of their cats and dogs immediately.China says pets can carry the bio-weapon virus and spread it to others.China is only about 30 Days into this outbreak, and their entire country and society are already collapsing.   What you see above OVER THERE, is just 30 days away from happening OVER HERE.Are you preparing?Bear in mind that all this is just ONE MONTH into the outbreak.  ONE MONTH!What we see happening in China, can -- and very likely WILL -- happen here, in America.Today (Saturday February 1) A California man has tested positive for the coronavirus, marking the seventh confirmed case in the United States.The unidentified man is a resident of Santa Clara County, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention confirmed Friday afternoon, according to local news reports.HOW TO PROTECT YOURSELF.The Medical Infrastructure of the United States (and pretty much every other country) simply CANNOT HANDLE THIS from the perspective of how many get infected and how fast that happens.  There simply are not enough hospital beds, respirators, negative-pressure infectious disease isolation rooms.   Once the virus gets here in earnest (it probably already is but we won't know for ten days) the medical system will be quickly overwhelmed. We could see Medical Infrastructure COLLAPSE here in the USA the same as it is happening in China.When things go wild weasel here in America, there will be all sorts of unanticipated service disruptions. The general public remains blissfully unaware of the utter disaster coming at us, because the mass-media is keeping rather quiet about the situation.  But when they can't keep quiet any longer, there will be PANIC.You should PREPARE NOW because once the SHTF, it will be too late.Here are suggested "Preps" to try to get yourself and your family through what's coming.  There is precious little time left.The best strategy for this is NOT to be exposed.   Fat chance of that; we ALL go out: Work, school, shopping, recreation, and so forth.So how might we protect ourselves while we're out?Well, the fact this virus can be spread by air, in addition to staying alive on surfaces like counter tops, desks, water fountains, door handles, inside cars and buses, product packages on store shelves that someone else handled, or sneezed-on or coughed-on,  - including ones that get delivered by mail, FedEx, UPS, etc. --  complicates things greatly.Step One: Stay home.   Do not go out unless you absolutely MUST.Step Two: Presuming you have to go out (we ALL do) wear a filter mask  eye and hand protective gear (below).The N-95 filter masks are almost completely sold out already, nationwide.  So you can get a better mask rated as N-100 or P-100 for the time being until THEY sell out.  Links to various suppliers are HERE-N-95 and HERE N-100. You can also get the VASTLY AVAILABLE   3M 7500 (HERE)  which uses 3M 2091 filters  (HERE)   This mask system is more expensive, but it works and is widely still available. Get Eye Protection, either cheap swimmer goggles (HERE) or better safety goggles.Get a box of rubber/nitrile Gloves. Wear this gear when you go out.Yes, you'll look and feel ridiculous.   But you are much more likely to have the last laugh because YOU are protecting yourself.THIS IS URGENTLY IMPORTANT: The absolute moment you get home, take off your shoes and leave them in the foyer.  DO NOT WALK AROUND YOUR HOUSE IN SHOES YOU WORE OUTSIDE. You may have walked on a large amount of infected material as you were out and if you wear those shoes in the house, the virus will spread in the house.Next: Go into the bathroom, take off your clothing, put it in a hamper or plastic bag, and take a shower.  You HAVE TO WASH OFF any virus that may have landed on your body or hair, while you were out.Put on clean garments.  You cannot go sit in your chair or lay on your couch or bed in clothing you wore outside.  The virus will come off the clothing, onto the furniture and pow, someone in the house catches it.Make every person in your household do this the absolute moment they come home.  This virus is HIGHLY CONTAGIOUS and it KILLS people.  We cannot skimp or get lazy protecting ourselves.Eat right, take vitamins (I use Centrum), and, I don't want to sound hokey, or like some Bible thumper,  pray to Almighty God that you be protected by Him during this crisis.  I'm not kidding.  I mean it: PRAY.Even if you haven't prayed in decades, start now.  "Hi God, it's me (so and so).  I know I haven't prayed to you in a long time, but I'm coming back to you now.  . . . ."And then talk honestly and earnestly to him, in a very quiet voice.Just remember, this is God, not a magician to be summoned to do tricks or render services at our beckon call.  He made us.  We are HIS to do with a HE sees fit.OTHER "PREPS" with Links. Have Emergency food (HERE, HERE, and HERE) in the house in case Quarantine gets implemented, so you and your family can eat for the 6 weeks or so such Quarantines are likely to last. Have Emergency Water (HERE) stored up in case the water supply gets contaminated.Here is a complete list of "Preps" that folks might consider for themselves.Please pass this article along to those you care about; No other source is providing this type of self-help advice and there isn't much time left before all hell breaks loose.|0
A study done by National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases' Laboratory of Virology in the Division of Intramural Research in Hamilton, Montana helps to answer this question. The researchers used a nebulizer to blow coronaviruses into the air. They found that infectious viruses could remain in the air for up to three hours. The results of the study were published in the New England Journal of Medicine on March 17, 2020.|1
Scientists are learning more each day about the mysterious novel coronavirus and the symptoms of Covid-19, the disease it causes.Fever, cough and shortness of breath are found in the vast majority of all Covid-19 cases. But there are additional signals of the virus, some that are very much like cold or flu, and some that are more unusual.Any or all symptoms can appear anywhere from two to 14 days after exposure to the virus, according to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.Here are 10 signs that you or a loved one may have Covid-19 -- and what to do to protect yourself and your family. Shortness of breath, Shortness of breath is not usually an early symptom of Covid-19, but it is the most serious. It can occur on its own, without a cough. If your chest becomes tight or you begin to feel as if you cannot breathe deeply enough to fill your lungs with air, that's a sign to act quickly, experts say."If there's any shortness of breath immediately call your health care provider, a local urgent care or the emergency department," said American Medical Association president Dr. Patrice Harris."If the shortness of breath is severe enough, you should call 911," Harris added.The CDC lists other emergency warning signs for Covid-19 as a "persistent pain or pressure in the chest," and "bluish lips or face," which can indicate a lack of oxygen.Get medical attention immediately, the CDC says.Fever.Fever is a key sign of Covid-19. Because some people can have a core body temperature lower or higher than the typical 98.6 degrees Fahrenheit (37 degrees Celsius), experts say not to fixate on a number.CNN anchor Chris Cuomo, who is battling the virus from his home in New York, is one of those people."I run a little cool. My normal temperature is 97.6, not 98.6. So, even when I'm at 99 that would not be a big deal for most people. But, for me, I'm already warm," Cuomo told CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta in a CNN Town Hall.Most children and adults, however, will not be considered feverish until their temperature reaches 100 degrees Fahrenheit (37.7 degrees Celsius)."There are many misconceptions about fever," said Dr. John Williams, chief of the division of pediatric infectious diseases at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh."We all actually go up and down quite a bit during the day as much as half of a degree or a degree," Williams said, adding that for most people "99.0 degrees or 99.5 degrees Fahrenheit is not a fever."Don't rely on a temperature taken in the morning, said infectious disease expert Dr. William Schaffner, a professor of preventative medicine and infectious disease at Vanderbilt University School of Medicine in Nashville. Instead, take your temperature in the late afternoon and early evening."Our temperature is not the same during the day. If you take it at eight o'clock in the morning, it may be normal," Schaffner explained."One of the most common presentations of fever is that your temperature goes up in the late afternoon and early evening. It's a common way that viruses produce fever."Dry Cough.Coughing is another common symptom, but it's not just any cough."It's not a tickle in your throat. You're not just clearing your throat. It's not just irritated," Schaffner explained.The cough is bothersome, a dry cough that you feel deep in your chest."It's coming from your breastbone or sternum, and you can tell that your bronchial tubes are inflamed or irritated," Schaffner added.A report put out by the World Health Organization in February found over 33% of 55,924 people with laboratory confirmed cases of Covid-19 had coughed up sputum, a thick mucus sometimes called phlegm, from their lungs.Chills and body aches, "The beast comes out at night," said Cuomo, referencing the chills, body aches and high fever that visited him on April 1.'It was like somebody was beating me like a pinata. And I was shivering so much that ... I chipped my tooth. They call them the rigors," he said from his basement, where he is quarantined from the rest of his family."I was hallucinating. My dad was talking to me. I was seeing people from college, people I haven't seen in forever, it was freaky," Cuomo said.Not everyone will have such a severe reaction, experts say. Some may have no chills or body aches at all. Others may experience milder flu-like chills, fatigue and achy joints and muscles, which can make it difficult to know if it's flu or coronavirus that's to blame.One possible sign that you might have Covid-19 is if your symptoms don't improve after a week or so but actually worsen.Sudden confusion.Speaking of worsening signs, the CDC says a sudden confusion or an inability to wake up and be alert may be a serious sign that emergency care may be needed. If you or a loved one has those symptoms, especially with other critical signs like bluish lips, trouble breathing or chest pain, the CDC says to seek help immediately.Digestive issues.At first science didn't think diarrhea or other typical gastric issues that often come with the flu applied to the noval coronavirus, also known as SARS-CoV-2. As more research on survivors becomes available, that opinion has changed."In a study out of China where they looked at some of the earliest patients, some 200 patients, they found that digestive or stomach GI (gastrointestinal) symptoms were actually there in about half the patients," Gupta said on CNN's New Day news program.Overall, "I think we're getting a little bit more insight into the types of symptoms that patients might have," Gupta said.The study described a unique subset of milder cases in which the initial symptoms were digestive issues such as diarrhea, often without fever. Those patients experienced delays in testing and diagnosis than patients with respiratory issues, and they took longer to clear the virus from their systems.Pink eye, Research from China, South Korea and other parts of the world indicate that about 1% to 3% of people with Covid-19 also had conjunctivitis, commonly known as pink eye.Conjunctivitis, a highly contagious condition when caused by a virus, is an inflammation of the thin, transparent layer of tissue, called conjunctiva, that covers the white part of the eye and the inside of the eyelid.But SARS-CoV-2 is just one of many viruses that can cause conjunctivitis, so it came as no real surprise to scientists that this newly discovered virus would do the same.Still, a pink or red eye could be one more sign that you should call your doctor if you also have other telltale symptoms of Covid-19, such as fever, cough or shortness of breath. Loss of smell and taste, In mild to moderate cases of coronavirus, a loss of smell and taste is emerging as one of the most unusual early signs of Covid-19."What's called anosmia, which basically means loss of smell, seems to be a symptom that a number of patients developed," CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta told CNN anchor Alisyn Camerota on New Day."It may be linked to loss of taste, linked to loss of appetite, we're not sure -- but it's clearly something to look out for," Gupta said. "Sometimes these early symptoms aren't the classic ones.""Anosmia, in particular, has been seen in patients ultimately testing positive for the coronavirus with no other symptoms," according to the American Academy of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery.A recent analysis of milder cases in South Korea found the major presenting symptom in 30% of patients was a loss of smell. In Germany, more than two in three confirmed cases had anosmia.It has long been known in medical literature that a sudden loss of smell may be associated with respiratory infections caused by other types of coronaviruses, so it wasn't a surprise that the novel coronavirus would have this effect, according to ENT UK (PDF), a professional organization representing ear, nose and throat surgeons in the United Kingdom.Is there anything you can do at home to test to see if you're suffering a loss of smell? The answer is yes, by using the "jellybean test" to tell if odors flow from the back of your mouth up through your nasal pharynx and into your nasal cavity. if you can pick out distinct flavors such as oranges and lemons, your sense of smell is functioning fine.Fatigue.For some people, extreme fatigue can be an early sign of the novel coronavirus. The WHO report found nearly 40% of the nearly 6,000 people with laboratory confirmed cases experienced fatigue.Just a few days into his quarantine, Cuomo was already exhausted by the fevers and body aches the disease brings."I'm so lethargic that I can stare outside, and, like, an hour-and-a-half goes by," Cuomo told Gupta on Anderson Cooper 360. "I think I took a 10-minute nap, and it was three and a half hours."Fatigue may continue long after the virus is gone. Anecdotal reports from people who have recovered from Covid-19 say exhaustion and lack of energy continue well past the standard recovery period of a few weeks.Headache, sore throat, congestion.The WHO report also found nearly 14% of the almost 6,000 cases of Covid-19 in China had symptoms of headache and sore throat, while almost 5% had nasal congestion.Certainly not the most common signs of the disease, but obviously similar to colds and flu. In fact, many symptoms of Covid-19 can resemble the flu, including headaches and the previously mentioned digestive issues, body aches and fatigue. Still other symptoms can resemble a cold or allergies, such as a sore throat and congestion.Most likely, experts say, you simply have a cold or the flu -- after all, they can cause fever and cough too.So what should you do?"At this moment, the current guidance -- and this may change -- is that if you have symptoms that are similar to the cold and the flu and these are mild symptoms to moderate symptoms, stay at home and try to manage them" with rest, hydration and the use of fever-reducing medications, said the AMA's Harris.That advice does not apply if you are over age 60, since immune systems weaken as we age or if you are pregnant. Anyone with concerns about coronavirus should call their healthcare provider, according to the CDC.It's unclear whether pregnant women have a greater chance of getting severely ill from coronavirus, but the CDC has said that women experience changes in their bodies during pregnancy that may increase their risk of some infections.In general, Covid-19 infections are riskier if you have underlying health conditions such as diabetes, chronic lung disease or asthma, heart failure or heart disease, sickle cell anemia, cancer (or are undergoing chemotherapy), kidney disease with dialysis, a body mass index (BMI) over 40 (extremely obese) or an autoimmune disorder."Older patients and individuals who have underlying medical conditions or are immunocompromised should contact their physician early in the course of even mild illness," the CDC advises.To be clear, you are at higher risk -- even if you are young -- if you have underlying health issues."People under 60 with underlying illnesses, with diabetes, heart disease, immunocompromised or have any kind of lung disease previously, those people are more vulnerable despite their younger age," Schaffner said.A history of travel to an area where the novel coronavirus is widespread (and those parts of the world, including the US, are going up each day) is obviously another key factor in deciding if your symptoms may be Covid-19 or not.How to be evaluatedIf you have no symptoms, please don't ask for testing or add to backlog of calls at testing centers, clinics, hospitals and the like, experts say."We do not test people with no symptoms because it's a resource issue," Schaffner said about the assessment center at Vanderbilt. "However, we are emphasizing that people who have this small cluster of important symptoms -- fever and anything related to the lower respiratory tract such as cough and difficulty breathing -- reach out to be evaluated."If you do have those three signs, where should you go?"If you have insurance and you're looking for a provider or someone to call or connect with, there's always a number on the back of your insurance card; or if you go online, there is information for patients," Harris said."If you don't have insurance, you can start with the state health department or the local community health centers, those are officially known as federally qualified health centers," Harris advised, adding that some states have a 1-800 hotline number to call."If there is a testing and assessment center near you, you can go there directly," Schaffer said. "It's always good to notify them that you're coming. Otherwise, you need to call your healthcare provider and they will direct you what to do."|1
People have been trying to warn us about 5G for YEARS. Petitions, organizations, studies...what we're going thru is the affects of radiation. 5G launched in CHINA. Nov 1, 2019. People dropped dead. See attached & go to my IG stories for more. TURN OFF 5G by disabling LTE!!|0
Posts on social media claim that Bill Gates allegedly wants to “microchip” people, while Dr. Anthony Fauci wants the public “to carry vaccination certificates”.  As of May 5, 2020, multiple posts with this claim have over 29,700 shares.Examples are visible  here ,  here ,  here  and  here . The claim is false.The Reuters Fact Check team previously debunked a claim that Bill Gates planned to launch microchip skin implants to fight the coronavirus ( here ). The claim emerged after a Reddit Q&A in which Gates mentioned foreseeing the use of “digital certificates” to show who has been tested for COVID-19 or who has recovered from the disease ( here ). Most of the iterations of this claim misleadingly refer to “quantum dot dye” technology, which was founded by the Gates Foundation. Kevin McHugh, one of the lead authors of the “quantum dot dye” research paper, confirmed to Reuters this technology is not a microchip or human implantable capsule. Instead, it is similar to a tattoo, which would help provide up-to-date patient vaccine records for professionals in places lacking medical records. The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation told Reuters via email that: “The reference to ‘digital certificates’ relates to efforts to create an open source digital platform with the goal of expanding access to safe, home-based testing.” Reuters found no evidence of any statement given by Dr Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID, part of National Institutes of Health), regarding vaccination certificates. The viral posts might stem from a CNN interview in which Dr Fauci said the idea of Americans carrying “certificates of immunity” in the future is “possible”. He added that this “might have some merit in certain circumstance” (at the 2:48 mark  here ).According to Dr Fauci, these certificates would identify those who have tested positive for COVID-19 antibodies, rather than a potential vaccine. He confirmed these are already being discussed by the White House coronavirus task force and would be useful for vulnerable people and health workers ( here ). While the U.S. Government certainly appears to be considering “certificates of immunity”, as of May 4, 2020, Reuters did not find evidence suggesting Fauci thought it compulsory that Americans would have to carry immunity certificates in the future.The World Health Organization (WHO) has recently warned governments against issuing “immunity passports” as there is no evidence that recovered patients cannot be reinfected ( here ). In late April, Chile confirmed it will move forward with coronavirus “release certificates” for recovered coronavirus patients, but that these documents will not certify immunity ( https:// www.reuters.com/article/us-health-coronavirus-chile/in-reversal-chile-says-coronavirus-release-certificates-will-not-prove-immunity-idUSKBN22B2ZY ).  VERDICT. False. Bill Gates foresees the use of “digital certificates” with health records but did not say these would be in the form of microchip implants. Dr. Fauci has accepted the possibility of Americans carrying “certificates of immunity” in the future, not vaccination certificates.This article was produced by the Reuters Fact Check team. Read more about our work to fact-check social media posts  here.|1
Remember last year when Washington Post reporters were boldly declaring that vitamins C and D could not (and should not) be used against respiratory infections? The information I was sharing about their use was deemed so dangerous to public health that I was branded as a "fake news" site by self-appointed, pharma-owned arbiters of truth like NewsGuard.How times have changed. After having defamatory lies published about me, vitamins C and D are now (finally) being adopted in the conventional treatment of novel coronavirus, SARS-CoV-2. That just goes to show that when push comes to shove, the truth eventually prevails. When the medicine cabinet is empty, and doctors have limited options, suddenly the basics become viable again, and that is good news indeed, as it's likely to save thousands of lives, while keeping health care costs down.Vitamin C Treatment Implemented for Coronavirus Infection.As reported by the New York Post, March 24, 2020:1"Seriously sick coronavirus patients in New York state's largest hospital system are being given massive doses of vitamin C … Dr. Andrew G. Weber, a pulmonologist and critical-care specialist affiliated with two Northwell Health facilities on Long Island, said his intensive-care patients with the coronavirus immediately receive 1,500 milligrams of intravenous vitamin C. Identical amounts of the powerful antioxidant are then re-administered three or four times a day, he said … The regimen is based on experimental treatments administered to people with the coronavirus in Shanghai, China.'The patients who received vitamin C did significantly better than those who did not get vitamin C,' he said. 'It helps a tremendous amount, but it is not highlighted because it's not a sexy drug' … Weber … said vitamin C levels in coronavirus patients drop dramatically when they suffer sepsis, an inflammatory response that occurs when their bodies overreact to the infection. 'It makes all the sense in the world to try and maintain this level of vitamin C,' he said."A Northwell Health spokesperson has reportedly confirmed that vitamin C treatment is being "widely used" against coronavirus within the 23-hospital system. According to Weber, vitamin C is being used in conjunction with the antimalarial drug hydroxychloroquine and the antibiotic azithromycin, which have also shown promise in coronavirus treatment.Vitamin C Is a Vastly Underutilized Antiviral 'Drug'According to Dr. Ronald Hunninghake, an internationally recognized expert on vitamin C who has personally supervised tens of thousands of intravenous (IV) vitamin C administrations, vitamin C is "definitely a very underutilized modality in infectious disease," considering "it's really a premiere treatment" for infections.In my interview with him, Hunninghake suggested one of the reasons why conventional medicine has been so slow to recognize the importance of vitamin C has to do with the fact that they've been looking at it as a mere vitamin, when in fact it's a potent oxidizing agent that can help eliminate pathogens when given in high doses. There are also financial factors. In short, it's too inexpensive. Conventional medicine, as a general rule, is notoriously uninterested in solutions that cannot produce significant profits. One of the primary reasons we're now seeing its use against COVID-19 is undoubtedly because we had no expensive drugs in the medical arsenal that could be turned to.In my March 17, 2020, interview with Dr. Andrew Saul, editor-in-chief of the Orthomolecular Medicine News Service, he mentions being in contact with a South Korean medical doctor who is giving patients and medical staff an injection of 100,000 IUs of vitamin D along with as much as 24,000 mg (24 grams) of IV vitamin C. "He's reporting that these people are getting well in a matter of days," Saul says. As explained by Saul, vitamin C at extremely high doses acts as an antiviral drug, actually killing viruses. While it does have anti-inflammatory activity, which helps prevent the massive cytokine cascade associated with severe SARS-CoV-2 infection, it's antiviral capacity likely has more to do with it being a non-rate-limited free radical scavenger. As explained by Saul in our interview:"Cathcart's view is that you simply push in vitamin C to provide the electrons to reduce the free radicals. This is the way Cathcart and Levy look at vitamin C's function (at very high doses) as an antiviral. At modest doses, normal supplemental doses … vitamin C strengthens the immune system because the white blood cells need it to work. White blood cells carry around in them a lot of vitamin C … So, vitamin C is very well-known to directly beef up the immune system through the white blood cells."|0
COVID-19 poses a risk not only to the health of older adults who contract the disease but also to those without the health care resources and social structures that contribute to overall wellness. Before becoming a professor, Sarah Szanton made house calls to older adults as a nurse practitioner. On her visits, she saw how an older person's home environment can contribute to health outcomes. Now, as the Endowed Professor for Health Equity and Social Justice at the Johns Hopkins School of Nursing and the director of the Center for Innovative Care in Aging, Szanton works to identify solutions to narrow racial and socioeconomic disparities for older people.Szanton joined one of her PhD student mentees, Sarah LaFave, to discuss the challenges that COVID-19 poses for older adults. This conversation has been edited for length and clarity.How is the COVID-19 pandemic affecting older people differently than younger generations?Older adults are more likely to have dire outcomes from the virus. It can also be a challenge to prevent older people from being exposed to the virus because they may not be be fully independent. For example, a mother might rely on her adult daughter to come and help her with groceries or take a shower. As another example, some older people depend on help from a family member or friend with sorting mail and sending in checks to pay bills. At this point, people may not have had someone come into the home to help with those kinds of things for many weeks. What happens if one of those unpaid bills is for an essential resource or accrues a lot of interest during this time?We also have to think about all of the ways that the pandemic affects older people's lives beyond morbidity and mortality from the virus itself. I am concerned about people experiencing social isolation as a result of not being able to have visitors and not being able to go out and do things with other people. The effects are compounded for any older person who doesn't have access to technology platforms like Skype and FaceTime or who has limited access to phone calls. Many lower-income older people have pay-per-minute phone plans, for example, and may have to choose between using their limited minutes for a phone visit with a doctor or a conversation with a grandchild. So we can't assume that a switch to virtual socialization or virtual access to resources is going to work for all older people.Also, I think there's a fair amount of ageism—of people thinking right now, even if they aren't saying it out loud, "Well, older people are going to die anyway." But who are we to say that an 80-year-old wouldn't have otherwise lived to be 100 and done a lot of wonderful things in those 20 years? We would never think that the first 20 years of someone's life don't matter; we should recognize that the last 20 years are just as valuable.Has the pandemic exacerbated health disparities for older adults?Every experience in life is influenced by a person's access to resources and, in the United States, a person's race, socioeconomic status, and other characteristics have profound impacts on access to resources. It can be easy to jump to saying, "Oh, well, that person was older and had diabetes, so of course they had a worse outcome from COVID." But you have to take a step back and ask what contributed to the person having diabetes in the first place. Because race is not biological, we know that it's not race itself that causes disparities in co-morbidities and in COVID outcomes—it's the relationship between race and resources. For example, my colleague Laura Samuel has found that the counties that have a high proportion of people who have to spend more than a third of their income on housing have higher COVID mortality rates. If we had a society that was structured so that everyone had the same chance at health, we would not see the disparities we are seeing.A lot of the potential solutions to health disparities among older adults don't exist in the health care system itself—they occur further upstream. Things like widening access to the federal Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, addressing food deserts, and supporting returning citizens in the workforce all relate directly to health, but we don't always think that way.What challenges has COVID-19 raised for family caregivers of older adults?First, if family caregivers have jobs that require them to be in regular contact with others, such as bus drivers or nurses, they may have to decide between not providing essential help to an older loved one and risking passing the virus to that person.Second, direct care workers continue to come in and out of hospitals, nursing homes, and senior living buildings and are being screened upon entrance, but very few family caregivers are allowed into these same facilities right now. In some cases, family caregivers are not being recognized as essential parts of the health care team, and I think they should be. Hospitals and nursing homes have had to place restrictions on visitors for safety reasons, but I think some of those policies may be too limiting. For example, delirium is a very common and very costly issue for older adults who are admitted to hospitals. There is a better chance of preventing and managing delirium if a family member can help attend to the day-night sleep cycle, keep the person oriented, hydrated, and so on. True delirium uses so many health care resources that it can benefit all of us if an older person has a familiar caregiver with them during an inpatient stay. Of course, a major limitation is that there isn't enough personal protective equipment right now, so you have to weigh the risks and benefits of tapping into a finite supply of protective equipment.What can people do right now to support older adults in their communities during this crisis?There are many volunteer opportunities. For example, Baltimore Neighbors Network is a coalition of community partners that trains and supports volunteers to provide companionship and resource navigation assistance to older adults in Baltimore, which includes remote options such as phone calls. If people can't volunteer for a program like that right now, maybe they can give blood, or maybe they can take the money they would usually spend eating out each month and instead contribute financially to a food pantry. People can also support their older family members or friends by asking the person what would be most helpful to them—maybe it's dropping off a meal on a front porch, maybe it's mailing a letter. It's really important to remember, even during a crisis, to make time for our elders.|1
Recipes for homemade hand sanitizer are circulating online, but none of the experts I spoke to recommended making your own, even if stores have run out. Many popular brands of hand sanitizer, like Purell or Highmark, have established concentrations of alcohol, generally between 60 and 95 percent, said Dr. Rebecca Pellett Madan, M.D., a pediatric infectious disease specialist at N.Y.U. Langone’s Hassenfeld Children’s Hospital, which helps ensure their effectiveness. Additionally, she said, “we have experience using it in hospitals, and we know how effective it is.” The same evidence base for homemade recipes doesn’t exist yet.If you are using store-bought hand sanitizer, make sure that it’s at least 60 percent alcohol and that it fully dries before you or your child touch anything — otherwise it won’t work as well. Also keep in mind that hand sanitizers are not as effective when used on “visibly dirty or greasy” hands, according to the C.D.C.|1
According to Miles Guo’s live steam broadcast with Steven Bannon on Monday, Feb 3, 2020, Guo Deyin, a prominent Chinese scientist, is responsible for creating Wuhan coronavirus under the order of the Chinese Communist Party. The project is so secret that some of the Chinese kleptocrats do not even know about it. (Please check back on this page as we translate the Baidu page into English and add more content.). Guo Deyin (last name Guo) is the key person responsible for creating Wuhan coronavirus. Guo Deyin is found on Baidu.com Search (a Chinese search engine). The Chinese Communist Party (CCP) has finally admitted publicly that the Wuhan coronavirus does NOT come from nature. It is artificially created and has nothing to do with bats or seafood market as the CCP previously claimed.The article published on the official Chinese military website Xilu.com saying that the Wuhan coronavirus is manmade to blame the U.S. became a turning point. Miles Guo got estimates from China that the number of confirmed cases of novel coronavirus infection is 1.3 million and the death toll reached 30K as of Feb 3.Now in China, the anti-American sentiment is far worse than the anti-virus sentiment, because the CCP is blaming the U.S. for creating the virus.|0
Microsoft has recently patented an invention that involves inserting microchips into people’s bodies in order to monitor their daily physical activities in exchange for cryptocurrency. Bill Gates’s interests in the pharmaceutical industry, in vaccination and in World Health Organisation financing are constantly mentioned these days.Why is the number assigned to the patent 060606? Is this just a coincidence or was the “number of the beast” in the Book of the Apocalypse deliberately chosen?Although the globalist media attempts to portray Bill Gates as a great philanthropist and is trying to protect him from criticisms and attacks it is unlikely that they will be able to hide an entire network of connections. Right now new information about the coronavirus is emerging, and globalist media are trying to hide it by blaming China for the pandemic.The implantation of microchips into people’s bodies is nothing new. One example is the Masonic Youth Child Identification Program in the US.|0
The World Health Organization (WHO) was informed of cases of pneumonia of unknown microbial etiology associated with Wuhan City, Hubei Province, China on 31 December 2019. The WHO later announced that a novel coronavirus had been detected in samples taken from these patients. Since then, the epidemic has escalated and rapidly spread around the world, with the WHO first declaring a public health emergency of international concern on 30 January 2020, and then formally declaring it a pandemic on 11 March 2020. Clinical trials and investigations to learn more about the virus, its origin, how it affects humans, and its management are ongoing.A potentially severe acute respiratory infection caused by the novel coronavirus severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2).The clinical presentation is generally that of a respiratory infection with a symptom severity ranging from a mild common cold-like illness, to a severe viral pneumonia leading to acute respiratory distress syndrome that is potentially fatal. Characteristic symptoms include fever, cough, and dyspnea, although some patients may be asymptomatic. Complications of severe disease include, but are not limited to, multi-organ failure, septic shock, and blood clots.|1
Bananas are one of the most popular fruits worldwide. such as vitamin C. All of these support heart health. people who follow a high fiber diet have a lower risk of cardiovascular disease. Bananas contain water and fiber, both of which promote regularity and encourage digestive health.Research made by scientists from the University of Queensland in Australia, have proven that bananas, improve your immune system due to the super source of Vitamins B-6 and helps prevent coronavirus. Having a banana a day keeps the coronavirus AWAY|0
Time for an Ounce of Prevention.We all look forward to the Breath-Body-Mind workshops hosted by Serving Those Who Serve. However, this year, we are cancelling the March workshop to prevent exposing anyone to the coronavirus (COVID-19). In Japan, the healthcare researchers discovered that being in a room with a group of people dramatically increased the risk of transmission. Based on previous viral epidemics, we anticipate the next three months may be the period of the highest health risk. If we are unable to reschedule, then we will see you at the September workshop. We are looking into the possibility of providing Breath-Body-Mind workshops by webinar.Here are our recommendations for reducing the risk of COVID-19.Advice for Better Immune Defense and Prevention.The coronavirus (COVID-19) continues to spread and is likely to become a health concern everywhere within the coming months. There is no specific treatment in sight other than general recommendations for rest, fluids, nutrition, and symptomatic treatment of fever. However, there are measures that we can take to strengthen our immune defenses. This approach may reduce the likelihood of getting sick or, even if you acquire the virus, immune boosters can help to reduce the severity and shorten the length of illness.Because this is becoming a health crisis, we want to share with you a list of immune boosters that we rely on and that may be of help to you and your families. We only recommend the brands listed below because they have been studied and shown to be effective and of good quality. If you have any serious health conditions or allergies, please consult your personal physician and read the contents of each supplement before taking.  Also, follow recommendations for when to take these supplements. We do not receive any financial remuneration from supplement companies.Supplements to Boost Immune Defense. Kold-Care (Immune Kare) from Kare-n-Herbs at Karenherbs.com. For prevention Take 1 tab twice daily for prevention. If symptoms or exposure occur, take 1 tab 4 times daily. Respigard by Nature’s Nurse (Amazon).If symptoms or exposure occur, follow directions on the bottle for dosing. Immune Senescence Protection from Life Extension Foundation.Prevention: Take 2 daily right after eating breakfast (food prevents stomach upset). Bio-Strath available online from multiple companies. Follow directions on bottle.Sambucus by Nature’s Way.Prevention and if symptoms occur. Follow directions on bottle.If symptoms or exposure occur, follow directions on the bottle for dosing. Mushroom extracts: Maitake-D and Shiitake from the following companies: Mushroom Science, Mushroom Wisdom or Nature’s Way). Follow directions on bottle.Additional advice to optimize your body’s natural defense capacities.Get lots of rest. Go to bed earlier and readjust your activities as needed.Healthy diet is important with fresh fruits and vegetables every day.Drink lots of fluids to stay hydrated.For Prevention: Do Coherent Breathing 20 min a day to improve lung and immune function.  If you become ill and you are coughing, you will not be able to do this. Resume Coherent Breathing when you are able to do so without irritating your cough. At first you may need to start at 6 breaths per minute and work down to breaths per minute. Wash hands frequently. Use disinfectants to clean surfaces. Avoid touching your face because that is a common way the viruses are transferred from your fingers. Keep a small bottle of disinfectant with you to use after you have touched surfaces in public places that may have been contaminated.If you choose to wear a mask, be sure it is rated as N95 anti-viral.Avoid unnecessary social gatherings, especially in closed spaces. Do not share foods or platters. Minimize travel.We cannot predict the course of coronaviruses, but we can take common sense precautions. Contact your doctor if you have any symptoms such as fever or coughing, or if you think you have been exposed.We hope that you and your families stay healthy through this difficult time.|0
It’s been 2 weeks since we first wrote about the novel coronavirus (nCoV-2019) originating in China. Since then, the official numbers have skyrocketed from 630 infections and 17 deaths to over 24,000 infections and roughly 500 deaths.NaturalNews reports that China is actually keeping two sets of numbers, and that the actual numbers are much higher than the “official” numbers, with over 154,000 infected and almost 25,000 dead. Several nations have evacuated their citizens from china, while airlines have shut down flights to China and other countries.On January 31st, President Trump declared that the novel coronavirus presents a public health emergency in the United States. That same day, under the guidance of the CDC, the White House Coronavirus Task Force announced a 14-day quarantine for Americans who recently visited Wuhan, China, the epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak.Over the last two weeks, the Chinese government has quarantined roughly 50 million people in over a dozen cities – the largest quarantine in human history. Cruise liners carrying infected passengers have been denied entry into Japan and passengers will be quarantined on the ships for at least two weeks.Major manufacturers like Apple and Adidas have shut down their stores and plants in China, and airlines have placed over 30,000 employees on unpaid leave. In the U.S., hundreds of Americans have been evacuated from the Wuhan area and will be immediately quarantined on military bases.The measures being taken by governments around the world are drastic and unprecedented. The authority that these institutions are willing to assume in the face of a “health emergency” is concerning… and it’s only the beginning.Social Media Increases Censorship. In the wake of the new virus, Facebook announced that it would remove any content about the coronavirus “with false claims or conspiracy theories that have been flagged by leading global health organizations and local health authorities,” saying such content would violate its ban on misinformation leading to “physical harm.”This is a much more aggressive policy than Facebook has taken before. Up to this point, censorship efforts have mostly involved restricting search results and advertising while still allowing the content to remain published. The ban will also apply to Instagram, which will subject users to pop-up ads when they click on hashtags related to the virus.Google has followed suit, pushing updates from the WHO to the top of search results involving the coronavirus. YouTube, owned by Google, will also make it harder to find independent information about the virus, promoting videos from public health organizations and mainstream media outlets.Twitter said Wednesday that it would begin prompting users who search for the coronavirus to first visit official channels of information about the illness. In the United States, for example, Twitter directs users to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, beneath a bold headline that reads: “Know the facts.”The campaign is running in 15 locations, including the United States, the United Kingdom, Hong Kong, Singapore, and Australia, and “will continue to expand as the need arises,” the company said in a blog post.Twitter has even banned financial market website Zero Hedge from the social media platform after it published an article linking a Chinese scientist to the outbreak of the fast-spreading coronavirus last week.Zero Hedge had their account permanently suspended for violating “platform manipulation policy”. The account had 670,000 followers as of its suspension. The suspension was in response to a complaint by Buzzfeed which said Zero Hedge had released the personal information of a scientist from Wuhan in an article that made allegations about coronavirus having been concocted “as a bioweapon.” The article was titled “Is This the Man Behind the Global Coronavirus Pandemic?”Tik-Tok, a Chinese-owned company, already removes posts and blocks users. This is standard practice in communist China, where state-run media and extreme surveillance of its citizens makes it easy to control what information is released.The Digital Police State. The effort in China to silence free speech and control the narrative regarding coronavirus has been aggressive. According to a Reuters report:At least 16 people have been arrested over coronavirus posts in Malaysia, India, Thailand, Indonesia and Hong Kong, while Singapore has used its controversial new “fake news” law, POFMA, to force media outlets and social media users to carry government warnings on their posts and articles saying they contain falsehoods.“Fortunately, we now have POFMA to deal with this fake news,” said Lawrence Wong, one of the ministers heading a Singapore government task force to halt the spread of the virus.At least five people were arrested and released on bail in India’s southwestern state of Kerala over WhatsApp messages, said Aadhithya R, District Police Chief of Thrissur. Six people were arrested in Malaysia on suspicion of spreading false news.In Vietnam, where an army of cyber-censors tracks social media comments for the communist government, at least nine people have been fined and three celebrities asked to explain their actions over posts about coronavirus.Thailand hailed the success of an “anti-fake news centre” it set up last year. Dozens of staff reviewed nearly 7,600 posts in four days from Jan. 25 – leading to 22 posts being highlighted as false on its website and two arrests under computer crimes laws.“The anti-fake news centre is working intensively to verify these rumours and communicating truth to the people,” said Digital Minister Puttipong Punnakanta.To make matters worse, it turns out that Chinese officials arrested 8 medical professionals who tried to warn people of the disease back in December. Each detainee was part of a medical school’s alumni group on WeChat, a popular social network in China, and they were concerned that SARS, Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome, was back. (SARS is a type of coronavirus.).According to The Daily Beast:It wasn’t long before police detained them. The authorities said these eight doctors and medical technicians were “misinforming” the public, that there was no SARS, that the information was obviously wrong, and that everyone in the city must remain calm. On the first day of 2020, Wuhan police said they had “taken legal measures” against the eight individuals who had “spread rumors.”Since then, the phenomenal spread of the virus has created cracks even within the normally united front of the Chinese Communist Party. “It might have been fortunate if the public had believed the ‘rumor’ and started to wear masks, carry out sanitization measures, and avoid the wild animal market,” a judge of China’s Supreme People’s Court wrote online last Tuesday.Li Wenliang, a doctor who was among the eight people who tried to sound the alarm before the coronavirus infected many thousands and killed hundreds, was diagnosed as someone infected with the coronavirus and is being treated at a hospital. Authorities are still actively censoring social-media posts and news articles that question the government’s response to the outbreak. One Wuhan man, Fang Bin, uploaded footage of corpses in a van and a hospital in Wuhan and was then tracked down and taken into custody. His laptop was confiscated, and he had to pedal for three hours on a bicycle to get home after he was questioned, warned, and released. His coronavirus video went viral.Experts agree that this kind of aggressive censorship could make the virus even more lethal. Leaders within the Chinese government have put their political interests before the good of their people, and the results have been catastrophic thus far.In recent days, medical experts have found evidence that the origin of the outbreak was not a seafood market in Wuhan, as the Chinese government initially reported. That evidence also suggests that the first human infections occurred in November, if not earlier, rather than in early December.The true scope of the disease may be worse than we’ve been told. Public officials have been deleting investigative reports by journalists in the area, while many patients who have died of “regular pneumonia” were never tested for coronavirus.Given the rapid spread of the virus and the enormous economic effects expected, censorship and propaganda are certain to continue — and to extend beyond China’s borders — as the regime seeks to protect its hold on power and international reputation. While Chinese authorities assure domestic and international audiences that their efforts will contain the outbreak, censors are busily deleting social media posts and journalists’ reporting that contradict the official narrative.An International Conspiracy.Lies and secrecy are common in most communist nations, and China is no exception. It is well-documented that the information released during the SARS outbreak of 2003 was significantly redacted to minimize its true impact.But what about here in America?We’ve already reported that, in 2015, a patent was filed by The Pirbright Institute for the live, attenuated coronavirus. The application claims that the new virus could be used to create a vaccine for treating or preventing respiratory viruses. The patent was awarded in 2018.The Pirbright Institute is funded by the UK Department for Environment, Food, and Rural Affairs, the WHO, and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. All of these entities have been loud supporters of mandatory vaccinations and more government control based on “health concerns.”And for several years, Bill Gates has been telling us that a pandemic is coming, and in November of 2019, collaborating with the World Economic Forum, the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation hosted “Event 201” where they ran a simulation of a coronavirus pandemic.It should come as no surprise that – just yesterday – Bill and Melinda Gates announced that they would be donating $100 million to coronavirus vaccine research and treatment efforts, which were announced as part of the World Health Organization’s (WHO) request for $675 million in global contributions to fight the spread of the disease.You can bet your bottom dollar that this vaccine will be heavily pushed on all Americans, and probably mandated in some states and cities. But what’s the truth behind the coronavirus?The Truth About Coronavirus. Officials would have you believe that the new coronavirus began when someone ate contaminated bat soup at a Wuhan seafood and animal market, but that is a flat-out lie. And a paper published in The Lancet last week has the proof.The paper, written by a large group of Chinese researchers from several institutions, offers details about the first 41 hospitalized patients who had confirmed infections with what has been dubbed 2019 novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV). In the earliest case, the patient became ill on 1 December 2019 and had no reported link to the seafood market, the authors report.“No epidemiological link was found between the first patient and later cases,” they state. Their data also show that, in total, 13 of the 41 cases had no link to the marketplace. “That’s a big number, 13, with no link,” says Daniel Lucey, an infectious disease specialist at Georgetown University.Lucey says if the new data are accurate, the first human infections must have occurred in November 2019—if not earlier—because there is an incubation time between infection and symptoms surfacing. If so, the virus possibly spread silently between people in Wuhan—and perhaps elsewhere—before the cluster of cases from the city’s now-infamous Huanan Seafood Wholesale Market was discovered in late December. “The virus came into that marketplace before it came out of that marketplace,” Lucey asserts.The much more likely scenario is that a weaponized version of the virus was released (whether intentionally or not) by Wuhan’s Institute of Virology – a level-4 biohazard lab which was studying “the world’s most dangerous pathogens.”The institute even has an ad for researchers to help use “bats to research the molecular mechanism that allows Ebola and SARS-associated coronaviruses to lie dormant for a long time without causing diseases.”The job is for a lab run by Dr. Peng Zhou, Ph.D., a researcher at the Wuhan Institute of Virology and Leader of the Bat Virus Infection and Immunization Group. Since 2009, Peng has been the leading Chinese scientist researching the immune mechanism of bats carrying and transmitting lethal viruses in the world.His primary field of study is researching how and why bats can be infected with some of the most nightmarish viruses in the world including Ebola, SARS and Coronavirus, and not get sick. As part of his studies, Peng also researched mutant Coronavirus strains that overcame the natural immunity of some bats; these are “superbug” Coronavirus strains, which are not resistant to any natural immune pathway, and now appear to be out in the wild.The institute is about 13 miles away from the market that China claims as the source of the outbreak.A study by 5 Greek scientists (published 1/27/2020) examined the genetic relationships of nCoV-2019 and found that “the new coronavirus provides a new lineage for almost half of its genome, with no close genetic relationships to other viruses within the subgenus of sarbecovirus,” and has an unusual middle segment never seen before in any coronavirus.What exactly does that mean?  Basically, this means that we are dealing with a brand new type of ‘man-made’ coronavirus. The study’s authors rejected the original hypothesis that the virus originated from random natural mutations between different coronaviruses.Dany Shoham, a former Israeli military intelligence officer who has studied Chinese biological warfare, has also linked the virus to China’s covert biological weapons program. Mr. Shoham holds a doctorate in medical microbiology. From 1970 to 1991, he was a senior analyst with Israeli military intelligence for biological and chemical warfare in the Middle East and worldwide.“Certain laboratories in the institute have probably been engaged, in terms of research and development, in Chinese [biological weapons], at least collaterally, yet not as a principal facility of the Chinese BW alignment,” Mr. Shoham told The Washington Times. Work on biological weapons is conducted as part of dual civilian-military research and is “definitely covert,” he said.In a sad turn of events, the Chinese doctor who tried to warn others about the Wuhan coronavirus, has died. Li Wenliang, a 34-year-old doctor working in Wuhan, raised the alarm about the novel coronavirus on December 30th. Soon after he posted the message, Li was accused of rumor-mongering by the Wuhan police. He was one of several medics targeted by police for trying to blow the whistle on the deadly virus in the early weeks of the outbreak. Li was hospitalized on January 12th after contracted the virus from one of his patients, and he was confirmed to have nCoV-2019 on February 1st.The question is If the Chinese made this virus in a lab, what was their purpose? And why did they arrest the doctor who tried to inform the rest of the world?The world needs an answer.Wolves in Sheep’s Clothing. As long as we continue to believe the lies promulgated by communist state-run media, we’re going to stay in the dark. Government agencies around the world have been happy to sensationalize the virus as an excuse for extreme control over their citizens.People are being detained and quarantined. Travel and business have been seriously disrupted. The global economy is in turmoil. Scientists and journalists are being silenced and even arrested. And social media companies founded in the freest country on earth are deleting any content that suggests that this is a man-made problem.People are scared. Tens of millions have had their lives put on hold. Hundreds have died in the last week.But don’t worry… be healthy! There are herbs and natural substances that can have a profound effect on viruses and your immune function.Surprise surprise!  Bill Gates, the WHO, and everyone else in the medical industry are working on a nCoV-2019 vaccine … a vaccine that they patented half a decade before the virus appeared … a virus that was created in a lab.But that’s just a “coincidence,” right?Here’s another incredible “coincidence”.For several years, Bill Gates has been telling us that a pandemic is coming, and on October 18, 2019 (collaborating with the World Economic Forum), the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation hosted “Event 201” where they ran a simulation of a coronavirus pandemic.A meeting of the “globalist health minds” occurred on November 6th to discuss its findings with 9 recommendations.Surprise surprise!  One recommendation, of course, included deleting/erasing/censoring “disinformation” in the WHO’s eyes.But that’s just another “coincidence,” right?|0
What will be next? Is a question on many people’s minds. Very likely the world will never be the same again. That might be god, or not so good, depending on how we look at this disastrous, “pandemic” which by all serious accounts does not deserve the term pandemic, that was unwittingly given to the MERS-2-CoV, or 2019-nCoV, renamed by WHO to COVID-19. In mid-February Dr. Tedros, WHO’s Director General called it a pandemic. This decision was already taken by the WEF (World Economic Forum) in Davos, from20 -24 January 2020, when the total COVID19 cases outside of China were recorded by WHO as 150. This was a first indication that there was something not quite right, that there is another agenda behind the “outbreak” of the COVID19 disease.On February 28, in a peer-reviewed article in the highly reputed New England Journal of Medicine (NEJM), Dr. Anthony Fauci, Director of NIAID (National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, one of the 27 institutes and centers that make up the US National Institutes of Health – NIH), likened COVID19 to a stronger than usual common flu:If one assumes that the number of asymptomatic or minimally symptomatic cases is several times as high as the number of reported cases, the case fatality rate may be considerably less than 1%. This suggests that the overall clinical consequences of Covid-19 may ultimately be more akin to those of a severe seasonal influenza (which has a case fatality rate of approximately 0.1%) or a pandemic influenza (similar to those in 1957 and 1968) rather than a disease similar to SARS or MERS, which have had case fatality rates of 9 to 10% and 36%, respectively.In the meantime, other high-ranking scientist, microbiologists and medical doctors from all over the world, are questioning the draconian worldwide shutdown because of the corona virus. They all say, these measures are not necessary to contain a pandemic of this relatively low magnitude, i.e. a fatality rate of about 0.1%. Even in Italy, if the counting and accounting was done more carefully, more according to true statistical norms, the fatality rate would be perhaps 1%, or less. What the world is experiencing, resembles a well-planned worldwide declaration and implementation of Martial Law with socioeconomically disastrous consequences, far worse than the disease itself. Nobody moves. The economy comes to an almost standstill.This begs the question, what is behind it, and what comes next? Let’s first look at a not-so-good scenario. In the US job losses are currently reported at more than 10 million. Unemployment expected to rise to at least 35% within the next few weeks; bankruptcies will be spiraling out of control within a month or two – with a further domino effect on unemployment.We may be looking at a complete collapse of our western economy, and growing misery- for the masses. – What will happen to these people, without jobs, without incomes, many of them may also lose their homes, as they will not be able to pay their mortgages or rents? – They may die from famine, diseases of all sorts, despair – the desired world population reduction that Bill Gates, Rockefeller and Co aspire. It may be part of and the beginning of their sinister eugenics plan.The doomsday picture may continue as all the bankrupt small and medium size enterprises – including airlines, tourist industries – et al, will be bought up by huge monopolies, that already exist, Google, Amazon, AliBaba and more. Mergers of gigantic proportions may take place. It may be the last shift of capital from the bottom to the top in our era of civilization as we know it.A global vaccination program with toxins and DNA-altering proteins contained in the injected immune-serum may be forced upon the surviving population. Included within the injection of vaccine may be a nano-chip, that people are not aware of, but that may be uploaded with all your personal data, from health records, to traffic violations, to your bank account – so that you can be followed, surveyed and watched over – every step you take. And every dissenting view you voice will be recorded and listened to, and you may be punished by your money being confiscated or a drone may do away with you, depending on the gravity of the dissent. Yes, the implantation of a nano-chip is a reality.An electronic digital one-world-currency system is planned and may be imposed – and your money, spending and savings may be controlled through the microchip in your body.The poison in the forced-vaccines may also do their work. They may make you sterile, sick – and, eventually die. Especially, the elderly with a reduced immune system. They must go first. That’s part of the eugenics plan – that Rockefeller dreams of and his crony, Bill Gates, may implement with his insane and phanatic vaccination programs.  The elderly use up much too much of the social capital, health care, pensions, living space.Those who survive, may pass on the deadly genome defects caused by the vaccines to their children – and they may eventually die or be deformed, or live with neurological damage- and pass the calamity on to the next generation – and the next.Some of them, will selectively be cured. Induced mutations for cure are possible. Because the 0.01% elite (or less) needs some humans who can manage the Artificial Intelligence (AI) systems that may eventually run every facet of your life, from cars, to refrigerators, to food manufacturing and delivery, as well as medication that you have to take. “They” – these nefarious evil creatures – create some Alpha and Beta type humans to control and supervise AI-beings and their activities, so the robots won’t run amok with the world – and with the all-powerful, but utterly deceptive and vulnerable elite. For the elite, the sadistic evil creatures, it must remain paradise. Actually, happiness for everybody is needed, to avoid social upheaval. We may become a society, resembling Aldhous Huxley’s “Brave New World”.They, the Alphas and Betas, the upper echelons of the enslaved humanoids, have to make sure, that AI is not overrunning the elite, but will be kept under control.Hydrocarbon energy, oil and gas, may no longer be an issue. The price will be adjusted to the needs of the monopolistic demands. A reduced population will be using less energy. And since most is run by 5G and later even more efficiently by 6G – already in the making, and since there is really no competition anymore among the top monopolies, energy will be flowing amply – no price war is necessary.This is a doomsday scenario. One that Gates and his satanic cult would like to impose upon the world.Now let’s look at a good scenario, one that we the people have the power to make good. First, no complex projection of this type can ever be modeled and implemented over time, because dynamics take over. The world is alive. Anything that is alive cannot be directed by linearism (modelling is linear), but is subject to the laws of dynamics.Second, we, mankind are alive too, and we have the power to reverse this nefarious game plan of this evil cult that wants to dominate Mother Earth and all her creatures and the riches she hosts. It’s a question of waking up. And many people start seeing the light -perhaps in part because of this absurdity, this worldwide lockdown, this insanity of an endless thirst for power. Mother Earth is sick and tired of this abuse of the upper crust of society. She is stronger than the 0.01%. We, the people, can join Mother Earth, be on her side, and be safe.People start seeing the thought of utter destruction behind this fake epidemic, or according to WHO’s highly questionable leadership, a pandemic – a fear-mongering pandemic. We might as well call the corona virus, Virus “F” – for Fear. And yes, people can die of fear. WHO is dancing to the tune of the powerful, of Bill Gates, the Rockefellers, the pharma giants – and the behind-the-door (invisible) WEF-politicians and bankers. All this, under the pretext of saving the world from the invisible corona virus, from a pandemic that isn’t.We have enormous spiritual powers within us which we can mobilize to stem against the propaganda stream. In fact, the reason we are exposed to this type of ferocious propaganda, is precisely because the masters know about that strength of the human mind. And the way to immobilize it is through fear. That’s what’s happening.The longer this pathetic and oppressive Martial Law situation lasts (yes, in many countries, even Europe, Martial Law has become the state of the affair), the more this inner power and conviction of Self, of us, Sovereign Selves that we are, will resurface in humanity and displace the fear – to become a force to stand up against the evil forces, stand up for justice and for human equality, for human dignity – and ultimately for solidarity and love.Love is what makes us overcome this diabolical plan.That is the scenario of hope and love. Endless hope is hoping to the end, then the end will never come. And as we hope and create endlessly, avoiding conflict, we see the light emerging from the dark – a harmonious flow of peaceful creation.|0
CORANAVIRUS: Amazing that it goes on TV ... Here is the confirmation that we were waiting for ... BIOLOGICAL WEAPON |0
Essential oils are one of the most potent forms of plant-based medicine in the world. From killing viruses (like coronavirus), to promoting relaxation, to soothing skin scrapes, to supporting the immune system, essential oils offer countless benefits to your life.To be clear – the use of these oils is no “fad.” Essential oils have thousands of years of history in traditional medicine, in the most ancient of cultures. The Egyptians, the Chinese, the Greeks… they all used essential oils.From the times of Biblical medicine on through to today, essential oils are used throughout the world. Until fairly recently they’ve been better accepted and popular outside of the United States… but I’m happy to see that so many Americans are catching on to the immense benefits of these healing oils.One of my favorite examples of the long history and effectiveness of essential oils is about a group of thieves in England who, despite daily contact with corpses who had succumbed to the Black Death (the plague), didn’t get sick.The story goes that the King heard about these men who would enter the homes of those taken by the plague, rob them of all their valuables, yet did not fall ill from the highly contagious disease. The King had these thieves captured and when they were brought in front of him, he demanded they reveal their secret.They confessed to being from a family of a long line of apothecaries. They were familiar with the immune protection provided by certain blends of oils, which they would rub all over their bodies, before going thieving. They say the King forced the men to reveal their recipe and then subsequently used the oils to protect himself and his family from the ravages of the Black Death. They also say the recipe is still in the Royal archives to this day.Now I don’t know if all this is all true or not, but the moral of the story is certainly sound. My own personal appreciation of the wide variety of benefits of essential oils (including their ability to protect the body from harm) began during my initial travels for The Quest for the Cures and A Global Quest documentary series. It was then that I realized how truly overlooked essential oils are as a component of the puzzle that is health and healing from disease.These days, my family and I use essential oils in a variety of ways on a daily basis. Our uses for these therapeutic powerhouses are wide-ranging. I’ll list out more further down, but a few ways we personally use essential oils include as medicines, for personal care products, as our cleansing agents, and more.Why do we believe everyone should follow in our footsteps and rely on essential oils, too?It’s simple. My family has opted to use safe, natural remedies that have thousands of years of history proving their benefits, over a dependence on prescriptions of synthetic drugs that have a long list of side effects which are nothing short of dangerous.Likewise, we prefer to use personal care products and household cleaners that are superior alternatives to those containing toxic ingredients. We get the same, or even better results, while losing the risk of damaging our bodies.Charlene and I are frequently asked about what essential oils we favor, and also how we use them. So, I thought I’d share with you some of our favorite anti-cancer oils and some tips for uses. Before I list our favorite essential oils for preventing and healing from cancer, just a reminder that when you are choosing essential oils to always look for the highest quality. You want oils that are certified organic, with 100% purity.Amazing Anti-Cancer Essential Oils (in alphabetical order)Frankincense. Frankincense may well be my number one favorite essential oil for its anti-cancer properties. It is anti-inflammatory, for one, which is vital in the quest to heal from all cancers. Specifically, frankincense has been shown to be a potent inhibitor of 5-lipoxygenase, an enzyme responsible for inflammation in the body.Frankincense essential oil also helps boost immune function and prevent illness by dangerous pathogens by multiplying white blood cells and modulating immune reactions.It also helps improve circulation, and reduce stress (it has sedative properties), as well as being a known pain reliever. Oil of frankincense has been shown to contract and tone tissues, which helps to speed regeneration.Frankincense is also shown to provide neurological support, including the ability to destroy toxins that may lead to neurological damage.However, this essential oil has several benefits beyond cancer treatment, including easing arthritis pain, balancing hormones, encouraging skin health, and aiding digestion.Lavender. As I’ve written elsewhere on The Truth About Cancer site, lavender essential oil contains the phytochemicals perillyl alcohol and linalool, both found to support cancer healing. Not only is lavender a known pain reliever, true lavender (Lavandula angustifolia) is anti-tumoral, and has demonstrated significant results in resetting the programmed cell death usually lacking in cancer cells. It has been observed to reduce the weight of tumors, and inhibit cell growth.Lavender essential oil reduces stress and supports the function of the immune system. Quality of sleep is improved. Depression and anxiety are relieved. All of these go towards supporting the immune system in the often immuno-compromised cancer patient. Yet lavender oil has several direct antibacterial properties, as well.Studies have shown lavender essential oil to be effective against many common germs, as well as the more serious ones such as Staphylococcus aureus (“golden staph”). It does so by supporting the macrophages and phagocytes systems in the body, as well as helping the body fight the infection through its influence on genetic activity.Myrrh.Myrrh is one of those somewhat obscure essential oils that has a variety of powerful healing properties that should not be overlooked. In terms of cancer, myrrh essential oil exhibits notable effects on cancer cell growth, and contains anti-inflammatory properties.In addition, myrrh is known to support healthy hormone balance, which can be essential in cancer healing. Like lavender and frankincense, myrrh oil has long been used as a pain reliever. It is also anti-fungal. With all these qualities, myrrh is a potent therapeutic support for your health.Peppermint. Peppermint is another “wonder-oil,” with a wide range of benefits. This essential oil’s cancer benefits come from its phytochemicals limonene, phytochemicals beta-caryophyllene, and beta-pinene, which have defined cytotoxic and anti-inflammatory effects.Studies have also shown peppermint essential oil to reveal antioxidant and cancer inhibiting properties, suppressing growth of tumors. In addition, peppermint oil contains antiangiogenic properties, which prevent tumors from developing their own blood supply.Peppermint essential oil is a well-known antiseptic, with antimicrobial components that benefit respiratory infections (such as bronchitis), open wounds, tonsillitis, and laryngitis. Peppermint is so powerful it’s even useful against stronger bacterias such as Staphylococcus aureus and others that are often antibiotic resistant.Turmeric (Curcumin). In labs, curcumin has been found to inhibit enzymes such as COX-2 that cause inflammation which can lead to cancer, to activate a gene that suppresses tumors, cut cancer cells off from their fuel and oxygen sources, to kill large B-cell lymphoma cells, prevent cancer stem cells from regrowing, and stop the spread of cancer (metastasis).Turmeric essential oil has been shown in studies to differentiate between normal and cancerous cells, while promoting apoptosis (cancer cell death).This power-house oil has other benefits as well, including: helping to regulate blood sugar, help wounds heal faster, prevent Alzheimer’s disease, prevent help you lose weight, and ease arthritis.5 Tips for Using Essential Oils for Heath & Healing. Using essential oils is so integral to my family’s life, it’s hard to list every way we use them! However, here are some top tips for using essential oils in your daily life. Be sure to check my list of precautions below to get the most from your oils.Put a drop behind your ears. For example, every day Charlene uses myrrh and frankincense behind her ears and on her lymph nodes as a prophylactic (preventative protection). Lavender or peppermint would be good for respiratory issues, or simply to relax. You can rub on the back of the skull, the breasts, or the bottoms of your feet.Use a cold diffuser. We love to diffuse essential oils throughout our home. We do it for added mental clarity, and immune support for the entire family. My office is always filled with the therapeutic aromas of a variety of essential oils.Massage into the skin. Some essential oils, like peppermint and clove, are very strong and you’ll do well to choose a good “carrier oil.” You use a good quality, organic (preferably cold-pressed) oil like coconut, olive, or jojoba to mix in a few drops of the essential oil of your choice. You can then massage this simple “body butter” onto your skin. For a bit fancier body butter, use a mixer to whip solid coconut oil with essential oil. Use this mixture to apply directly to affected areas (such as with pain, arthritis, or digestive issues), and for quick absorption and overall health benefits.Ingest Internally. One of my favorite, refreshing drinks I like to make is a “Peppermint Lemonade.” I simply take 2-3 drops of peppermint essential oil, 3-4 drops of lemon (or orange or tangerine oils, depending on my mood), add water, some organic green stevia, and ice in a large pitcher. It’s a super-fast, healthy beverage that I love. It’s also delicious as a hot beverage (use hot water and omit the ice). If you’re just making one cup at a time, use only 1 drop of peppermint + 1 drop of a citrus oil. Essential oils are powerful and a little goes a long way! You can also use a few drops of essential oils in an empty gel capsule and swallow it.Toothpaste. You can make a variety of personal products using organic essential oils and other non-toxic ingredients: lotions, face washes, mouthwash, soaps. A toothpaste is easy to make using high quality, certified organic frankincense, myrrh, and coconut oil. Maybe add in some baking soda if you prefer, too.Precautions for Using Essential Oils:Quality. This is so important that it bears repeating. Always use a top-quality, medicinal grade oil. It should be certified organic, and 100% pure. Check the reputation of your supplier, and ensure there are no fillers or additives.Keep oils away from sensitive areas. Essential oils are nature’s powerhouses. Keep in mind they are 40-50 times more potent than the plant itself. Some oils are more “spicy” than others. Some taste better than others. Oregano is one that can burn a bit when you ingest it directly. Peppermint requires caution, and usually does best with a carrier oil when applying to the skin. Never apply essential oils to sensitive areas of the body, including the genitals or near your eyes.You should also test new oils to ensure there are no reactions before applying too liberally. You can start by doing a sniff test of the oil in the bottle. If that seems fine, then apply a dab of carrier oil to the inside of your wrist or arm, add a drop of oil and wait to see if there is any redness, itching, or swelling. Everybody and every body is different so you may need to try different oils to see which ones feel best to you.Do not heat oils. You’ve probably seen or even have one of those oil burners for using essential oils. What you may not know is that heating these oils destroys their healing properties. It’s always best to use a cold diffuser. These are plentiful and economically priced online.Children. Always be cautious when using essential oils with children. Diffusion is safest. For direct application, it’s important to dilute the stronger oils, especially with a good carrier oil. When making body butters or massage oils for children, use 1 drop of essential oil to 4 tablespoons of carrier oil. This will dilute the essential oil enough to make it more tolerable and safer for your child. Be very careful not to place near the eyes and always do a sensitivity test first.|0
A novel respiratory virus that originated in Wuhan, China, last December has spread to six continents. Hundreds of thousands have been infected, at least 20,000 people have died and the spread of the coronavirus was called a pandemic by the World Health Organization in March.Much remains unknown about the virus, including how many people may have very mild or asymptomatic infections, and whether they can transmit the virus. The precise dimensions of the outbreak are hard to know.Here’s what scientists have learned so far about the virus and the outbreak.What is a coronavirus?Coronaviruses are named for the spikes that protrude from their surfaces, resembling a crown or the sun’s corona. They can infect both animals and people, and can cause illnesses of the respiratory tract.At least four types of coronaviruses cause very mild infections every year, like the common cold. Most people get infected with one or more of these viruses at some point in their lives.Another coronavirus that circulated in China in 2003 caused a more dangerous condition known as Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome, or SARS. The virus was contained after it had sickened 8,098 people and killed 774.Middle East Respiratory Syndrome, or MERS, first reported in Saudi Arabia in 2012, is also caused by a coronavirus.The new virus has been named SARS-CoV-2. The disease it causes is called Covid-19.How dangerous is it?It is hard to accurately assess the lethality of a new virus. It appears to be less often fatal than the coronaviruses that caused SARS or MERS, but significantly more so than the seasonal flu. The fatality rate was over 2 percent, in one study. But government scientists have estimated that the real figure could be below 1 percent, roughly the rate occurring in a severe flu season.About 5 percent of the patients who were hospitalized in China had critical illnesses.Children seem less likely to be infected with the new coronavirus, while middle-aged and older adults are disproportionately infected.Men are more likely to die from an infection compared to women, possibly because they produce weaker immune responses and have higher rates of tobacco consumption, Type 2 diabetes and high blood pressure than women, which may increase the risk of complications following an infection.“This is a pattern we’ve seen with many viral infections of the respiratory tract — men can have worse outcomes,” said Sabra Klein, a scientist who studies sex differences in viral infections and vaccination responses at the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health.How is the new coronavirus transmitted?Experts believe that an infected animal may have first transmitted the virus to humans at a market that sold live fish, animals and birds in Wuhan. The market was later shut down and disinfected, making it nearly impossible to investigate which animal may have been the exact origin.  Bats are considered a possible source, because they have evolved to coexist with many viruses, and they were found to be the starting point for SARS. It is also possible that bats transmitted the virus to an intermediate animal, such as pangolins, which are consumed as a delicacy in parts of China, and may have then passed on the virus to humans.The outbreak grew because of human-to-human transmission.People infected with the virus produce tiny respiratory droplets when they breathe, talk, cough or sneeze, allowing the virus to travel through the air.Most respiratory droplets fall to the ground within a few feet. People who are in close contact with those infected, particularly family members and health care workers, may catch the virus this way.Scientists don’t know how long the new coronavirus can live on surfaces, and preliminary research suggests that hot and humid environments may not slow down the pathogen’s spread. Warm weather does tend to inhibit influenza and milder coronaviruses.Infected people may be able to pass on the new coronavirus even if they have few obvious symptoms, a study in Germany has found. That’s “bad news,” said Dr. William Schaffner, an expert in infectious diseases at Vanderbilt University Medical Center in Nashville.When people don’t know they are infected, “they’re up and about, going to work or the gym or to religious services, and breathing on or near other people,” he said. Still, a report by the World Health Organization suggests that asymptomatic cases are rare.What symptoms should I look out for?Symptoms of this infection include fever, cough and difficulty breathing or shortness of breath. The illness causes lung lesions and pneumonia. But milder cases may resemble the flu or a bad cold, making detection difficult.Patients may exhibit other symptoms, too, such as gastrointestinal problems or diarrhea. Current estimates suggest that symptoms may appear in as few as two days or as long as 14 days after being exposed to the virus.If you have a fever or a cough and recently visited China, South Korea, Italy or another place with a known coronavirus outbreak, or spent time with someone who did, see your health care provider. Call first, so the office can prepare for your visit and take steps to protect other patients and staff from potential exposure.Is there a test for the virus? What is the treatment?There is a diagnostic test that can determine if you are infected. It was developed by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, based on genetic information about the virus provided by the Chinese authorities.In early February, the C.D.C. sent diagnostic test kits to 200 state laboratories, but some of the kits were flawed and recalled. Now other laboratories are making their own tests. Other countries are using test kits manufactured locally or sent out by the W.H.O.The C.D.C. announced that anyone who wanted to be tested could, if a doctor approves the request. Private companies, such as LabCorp and Quest Diagnostics, are also rushing to provide tests at various labs across the country, but the supply has yet to meet public demand. Many patients complain that they still cannot get tested.Once a coronavirus infection is confirmed, the treatment is mainly supportive,  making sure the patient is getting enough oxygen, managing his or her fever and using a ventilator to push air into the lungs if necessary, said Dr. Julie Vaishampayan, chairwoman of the public health committee at the Infectious Diseases Society of America.Patients with mild cases are told to rest and drink plenty of fluids “while the immune system does its job and heals itself,” she said. Most people with mild infections recover in about two weeks. More than half of those who have been infected globally have already  recovered.A number of drugs are currently being tested as potential treatments, including  an antiviral medication called remdesivir, which appears to be effective in animals and was used to treat the first American patient in Washington State. The National Institutes of Health is testing the drug on infected patient in a clinical trial in Nebraska. The drug’s maker, Gilead, has also begun trials at various sites in Asia.How long will it take to develop a vaccine?A coronavirus vaccine is still months away — and perhaps years. While new technology, advancements in genomics and improved global coordination have allowed researchers to act quickly, vaccine development remains an expensive and risky process.After the SARS outbreak in 2003, it took researchers about 20 months to get a vaccine ready for human trials. (The vaccine was never needed, because the disease was eventually contained.)By the time of the Zika outbreak in 2015, researchers had brought the vaccine development timeline down to six months.Now, they hope that work from past outbreaks will help cut the timeline further. Scientists at the National Institutes of Health and several companies are working on vaccine candidates.Dr. Anthony S. Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, said a preliminary clinical trial might get off the ground in as little as three months. But researchers would still need to conduct extensive testing to prove a vaccine was safe and effective.How can I protect myself?The best thing you can do to avoid getting infected is to follow the same general guidelines that experts recommend during flu season, because the coronavirus spreads in much the same way. Wash your hands frequently throughout the day. Avoid touching your face, and maintain a distance — at least six feet — from anyone who is coughing or sneezing.The risk of infection with the new coronavirus in the United States “is way too low for the general public to start wearing a face mask,” said Dr. Peter Rabinowitz, co-director of the University of Washington MetaCenter for Pandemic Preparedness and Global Health Security.But, he added, “if you have symptoms of a respiratory illness, wearing a mask reduces the risk of infecting others.”Should I cancel my international travel plans?Many countries have also enacted travel restrictions and bans, closing their doors to people from countries with sustained transmission of the virus. Governments around the world have been screening incoming passengers for signs of illness.Is it too late to contain the virus?W.H.O. officials have credited lockdown measures China imposed in late January for averting the spread of more cases from Wuhan. China sealed off cities, shut down businesses and schools, and ordered residents to remain in their homes. Officials use cellphone data to track and intercept those who have been to Hubei Province.In recent weeks, government workers have gone door-to-door to round up people who are infected, placing them in stadiums and other buildings that have been converted to makeshift hospitals. Now, official reports suggest that new cases in China are waning.But there is growing fear that containment may no longer be possible.Clarence Tam, an assistant professor of infectious diseases at the School of Public Health at the National University of Singapore, said the surge of cases in multiple countries was “concerning because we know the transmissions are spreading at a fast rate.”“We’ve learned some things of this new virus for the past couple of weeks that make it seem unlikely that containment will be a strategy that will completely stop this virus,” he added.There is benefit to delaying its spread as long as possible. Containing the virus may buy health officials more time to stock hospitals with test kits and respirators, and for local governments, companies and schools to enact strategies — telecommuting and online classes, for instance — that may reduce the spread.But the ability of nations to prepare for the arrival of coronavirus cases will depend largely on the strength of their health systems, capacity to conduct tests and effectiveness in communicating updates to the public.“We have been dealing with flu for decades, and even now it seems some countries don’t even have a policy for influenza preparedness,” said Leo Poon, head of the University of Hong Kong’s public health laboratory sciences division. “Not to mention something which is new to them. That’s a problem.”|1
A viral claim on social media says Bill Gates is planning to use microchip implants to fight the coronavirus. Most of the posts say Gates will “launch human-implantable capsules that have ‘digital certificates’ which can show who has been tested for the coronavirus and who has been vaccinated against it.” The claim has been shared at least 1,000 times on Facebook ( here , bit.ly/3aoVnIV , here ) and at least 3,600 times on Twitter, as of March 27, 2020 ( here , here , here ).Most of the iterations of this claim link to or take their information from a post on March 19 ( here ).The story, titled “Bill Gates will use microchip implants to fight coronavirus,” includes an authentic quote from a Q&A with Reddit about COVID-19 ( here ). But the story then uses his “Ask Me Anything” answer as a springboard for speculation and unattributed conclusions. They were not supported by Gates’ responses in the interview.Written like a news article, the post misleadingly says that “quantum dot dye,” a technology indeed founded by the Gates Foundation, would be used as “human-implantable capsules that have ‘digital certificates’ which can show who has been tested for the coronavirus” ( here ).Kevin McHugh, one of the lead authors of the “quantum dot dye” research paper, said, “The quantum dot dye technology is not a microchip or human-implantable capsule and to my knowledge there are no plans to use this for coronavirus.”Gates did mention the possibility of having a “digital certificate” for health records “eventually,” but he did not say these certificates would be “microchip implants.” This was the Reddit exchange:“Q: What changes are we going to have to make to how businesses operate to maintain our economy while providing social distancing?Bill Gates: The question of which businesses should keep going is tricky. Certainly, food supply and the health system. We still need water, electricity and the internet. Supply chains for critical things need to be maintained. Countries are still figuring out what to keep running. Eventually we will have some digital certificates to show who has recovered or been tested recently or when we have a vaccine who has received it.”When asked about the claim, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation told Reuters, “The reference to ‘digital certificates’ relates to efforts to create an open source digital platform with the goal of expanding access to safe, home-based testing.”IBM describes a digital certificate as an “electronic document” used to identify an individual, and associate the identity with a public key. Like a driver’s license or a passport, it provides proof of a person’s identity ( here ).Bill Gates has been repeatedly mentioned in other false claims regarding the coronavirus outbreak. A recent Reuters fact-check debunking a false claim about Gates can be seen here. VERDICT. False: Bill Gates foresees the use of “digital certificates” with health records, but did not say these would be in the form of microchip implants. There are no plans to use this future technology during the coronavirus outbreak.This article was produced by the Reuters Fact Check team. Read more about our fact checking work   here .|1
A serologic test is a blood test that looks for antibodies created by your immune system. There are many reasons you might make antibodies, the most important of which is to help fight infections. The serologic test for COVID-19 specifically looks for antibodies against the COVID-19 virus.Your body takes at least five to 10 days after you have acquired the infection to develop antibodies to this virus. For this reason, serologic tests are not sensitive enough to accurately diagnose an active COVID-19 infection, even in people with symptoms.However, serologic tests can help identify anyone who has recovered from coronavirus. This may include people who were not initially identified as having COVID-19 because they had no symptoms, had mild symptoms, chose not to get tested, had a false-negative test, or could not get tested for any reason. Serologic tests will provide a more accurate picture of how many people have been infected with, and recovered from, coronavirus, as well as the true fatality rate.Serologic tests may also provide information about whether people become immune to coronavirus once they've recovered and, if so, how long that immunity lasts. In time, these tests may be used to determine who can safely go back out into the community.Scientists can also study coronavirus antibodies to learn which parts of the coronavirus the immune system responds to, in turn giving them clues about which part of the virus to target in vaccines they are developing.Serological tests are starting to become available and are being developed by many private companies worldwide. However, the accuracy of these tests needs to be validated before widespread use in the US.|1
At last, the first study has emerged regarding the very clear relationship between “coronavirus” outbreaks and the presence of 5G networks.  Thanks to Claire Edwards for making this available in English. The COVID-19 pandemic and its effects in early 2020 have surprised scientists and politicians. If any study aimed at understanding the phenomenon and which consequently may help to clarify the causes of the pandemic is carried out, it should be promoted and/or taken into consideration. The correlation between cases of coronavirus and the presence of 5G networks has been addressed in alternative media and social networks. It is noteworthy that, at least in Spain, the media have not covered the scientific studies on the subject of 5G, nor asked the government any questions about this in the daily press conferences that it conducts to report on the state of the situation. The team of scientists advising the Spanish government has also failed to raise this issue.It is common sense that the ability to demonstrate this correlation would be very important data to contribute to the understanding of, and the solution to, the problem.Objective.To assess whether a correlation exists between cases of coronavirus and the presence of 5G networks. Without entering for the moment into subsequent cause-effect approaches in the case of positive results. Given that there is a sufficiently large statistical sample, it is possible for the results obtained to have a high level of reliability.Material and methods.The study has benefited from the official statistical material published daily, which is a basic and valuable tool. It should be noted that in these publications, the methodology used for counting cases of coronavirus infections does not generally provide real data. In Spain and many other countries, it has not been calculated as there are not enough tests for such analyses. However, this does not alter the results of this study since it is based on the comparative rather than the absolute method of infection. Therefore, in order to avoid statistical error, we will compare the density value of confirmed cases of coronavirus (expressed in number of cases per 1000 inhabitants) instead of absolute values. Since the criterion for counting used by the health authorities within the same state or city is the same, the comparison of published values for different cities or regions will be equally reliable for statistics. Comparisons between different countries of confirmed cases, excluding asymptomatic cases, will be equally reliable. The possible exception of some non-transparent country that could manipulate the publication of its data is beyond the control of this study.The method used was to compare the incidence (no. of cases per 1000 inhabitants) between countries with and without 5G technology. Between regions of the same country with and without 5G technology. Between cities of the same state with and without 5G technology. Between different neighbourhoods of the same city with the 5G network map of that city. Comparing states with common borders with and without 5G technology. Comparing the case of one state within another, as is the case of San Marino.The data for each chart were taken on the same day. Graphic results and data published below:Findings The results obtained demonstrate a clear and close relationship between the rate of coronavirus infections and 5G antenna location.This study does not analyse the beneficial or harmful effects on humans of 5G electromagnetic radiation. However, it does indicate a possible cause-effect in the current pandemic.A “border effect” is significant, original and unique to this pandemic: it presents marked differences between contiguous states with and without 5G installation. it is particularly significant that the countries bordering China have very low rates of infection. One may also compare between Mexico and the USA or between Portugal and Spain, etc.The case of San Marino is particularly significant. It was the first state in the world to install 5G and therefore, the state whose citizens have been exposed to 5G radiation the longest, and suspiciously, the first state in the world with infections. The probability of this happening is 1 in 37,636. In the cities studied, Madrid, Barcelona and New York, this correlation is also observed. In the study of the city of Barcelona (pp. 7-8), it can be seen that the socio- economic factor plays a significant role.It is very significant that on the African continent, with scarce health resources but without 5G, the rate of infection is very low, except for some antennas in South Africa, which also presents the highest rates of infection in Africa.The rates of infection are diluted. The rates of some regions are influenced by cities with 5G, but the rates of infection of these cities are diluted in those of the region to which they belong. So it is more significant, as is the case of Spain, to compare uniprovincial autonomous regions, than among those that are formed by 3 or more of the old provinces. Thus we see that some regions with 5G such as Rioja, Madrid and Navarra, have rates between 4 and 8 times higher than others without 5G. The same is true in other cities around the world where the 5G network does not cover the entire territory of the state or region.These data and results have the value of being taken “in vivo”, not based on prospective or laboratory studies. Never before have we had so much epidemiological information about a disease in humans to be able to produce scientific studies. A means of answering the question of cause and effect would be to disconnect the 5G networks, at least as a preventive measure, and see the results of the evolution of cases of coronavirus. So would studying the rate of infection in a state that declared a 5G moratorium after the pandemic started and studying if the statistics change. Given the evidence presented here, the data and conclusions of this study urgently need to be given due consideration. Given the current gravity of the pandemic, the media and political and health authorities have a responsibility to take urgent action. A failure to act in the face of the findings of this study could be considered negligent at the very least and very possibly criminal.|0
IS THERE A CONNECTION?ALERT: PRELIMINARY RESEARCH BY DR. MAGDA HAVAS, PHD, SHOWS AN APPARENT CONNECTION, IN THE UNITED STATES, BETWEEN 5G, MORE COVID-19 CASES, AND COVID-19 DEATHS.Covid-19 cases per million are 95% higher and covid-19 deaths per million are 126% higher in states with 5G. IN AUGUST, 2019, A HOST OF PROMINENT SCIENTISTS WARNED THAT THE SCIENTIFIC LITERATURE PROVIDED STRONG EVIDENCE FOR 5G’S MICROWAVE AND MILLIMETER WAVE EMISSIONS TO HAVE “A SYSTEMIC EFFECT ON IMMUNE FUNCTION” AND “ACCELERATED VIRAL REPLICATION” in a formal review article.  At this writing, an increasing number of scientists and lay people feel there may be a link to 5G & coronavirus. The scientists’ warnings were ignored by industry and gov’t last summer – and this status persists even now, in March, 2020, when we are in the midst of a pandemic, following the initial rollout of 5G in China, with Wuhan, China, Hubei Province being the epicenter of both the 5G rollout and where the COVID-19 coronavirus broke out in Dec. 2019.5G infrastructure exposures lower our immune system, as does wireless exposures to microwave radiation. 5G frequencies cause accelerated viral replication.Wuhan China is the world’s first “smart city” with 10,000 small cells deployed and activated in the last 2.5 months of 2019, which is exactly when this COVID-19 coronavirus outbreak occurred.Can the association be proven? Do we have time and capacity to do so, in the face of this world emergency? Neither is likely, though we have no doubt this factor will be investigated and discussed for years to come.However, we can take meaningful precautionary, prudent action based on this information. In order to potentially slow the effect of coronavirus, at the very least, we strongly suggest that, under the current “state of emergency” in many nations, states, and locales, all 5G infrastructure should be deactivated and halted, using an abundance of caution! All 5G satellites being deployed should be deactivated and halted. Please also consider turning off and reducing use of as much personal and commercial wireless as possible.|0
A few drugs are being tested in clinical trials,but a vaccine is still at least a year away.There are no approved treatments for any coronavirus diseases, including the new coronavirus.Several drugs are being tested, and some initial findings are expected soon. An antiviral medication called remdesivir appears to be effective in animals, and it was used to treat the first American patient in Washington State. Researchers are now testing the drug in clinical trials in the United States, China and other countries.Several groups are also working to develop a vaccine for the virus in order to stop the spread of the disease. But vaccines take time.After the SARS outbreak in 2003, it took researchers about 20 months to get a vaccine ready for human trials. (The vaccine was never needed, because the disease was eventually contained.) By the time of the Zika outbreak in 2015, researchers had brought the development timeline down to six months.Now, they hope that work from past outbreaks will help cut the timeline even further. Researchers have already studied the genome of the new coronavirus and found the proteins that are crucial for infection. Scientists from the National Institutes of Health, in Australia and at least three companies are working on vaccine candidates.“If we don’t run into any unforeseen obstacles, we’ll be able to get a Phase 1 trial going within the next three months,” said Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases.Dr. Fauci cautioned that it could still take months, and even years, after initial trials to conduct extensive testing that can prove a vaccine is safe and effective. In the best case, a vaccine may become available to the public a year from now.|1
So Bill Gates is launching implantable chips that'll show whether a person has been tested & vaccinated for Corona. These microchips will be planted on the skin, leaving identification 'quantum dots' that can also be used as a form of ID.|0
The tools of public health during suspected infectious outbreaks include limits or restrictions on the movement of individual citizens, ranging from travel bans, to closure of businesses and schools, to isolation of individuals in their homes, to forced quarantine in medical facilities.The goal in implementing public health measures during suspected outbreaks is to balance the freedom of individuals against the restrictions on freedom required to achieve legitimate protections of the public's health, with public and transparent justification of policy decisions.Whatever restrictions are implemented should be the least restrictive to accomplish the stated public health goals. Quarantine is considered a measure of last resort given the severe restrictions it imposes on individual liberty, and when misused or ineffective can severely undermine trust in government. |1
Infection with SARS-CoV-2 is associated with respiratory tissue damage that can impair lung function and even cause death. Though it is likely that both the virus and immune system contribute to this process, it can be difficult to determine which mechanism causes the most damage.To establish infection, a virus must enter a host cell. Once inside, it hijacks the cell’s machinery to replicate, eventually killing the cell and releasing more virus. This process not only damages host tissues, but also potently activates the immune system. The immune system in turn unleashes powerful weapons to control the infection. However, if not carefully regulated, the immune response itself can cause collateral damage to host tissues and exacerbate disease severity.More research on the host and viral factors that contribute to severe COVID-19 disease and death could provide important clues for clinicians and researchers in the search for new treatments.|1
People in the U.S. may be worried or anxious about friends and relatives who are living in or visiting areas where COVID-19 is spreading. Some people are worried about getting the disease from these people. Fear and anxiety can lead to social stigma, for example, toward people who live in certain parts of the world, people who have traveled internationally, people who were in quarantine, or healthcare professionals.Stigma is discrimination against an identifiable group of people, a place, or a nation. Stigma is associated with a lack of knowledge about how COVID-19 spreads, a need to blame someone, fears about disease and death, and gossip that spreads rumors and myths.Stigma hurts everyone by creating more fear or anger toward ordinary people instead of focusing on the disease that is causing the problem.|1
No. There is no evidence that regularly rinsing the nose with saline has protected people from infection with the new coronavirus. There is some limited evidence that regularly rinsing nose with saline can help people recover more quickly from the common cold. However, regularly rinsing the nose has not been shown to prevent respiratory infections.|1
According to the WHO report on the spread of the new coronavirus pneumonia, as of March 30, 2020, 717 992 infection cases were confirmed worldwide, 150 914 patients recovered, 33 883 cases were fatal.Western European countries such as Italy, Spain and Germany have become main epicenters of the spread of the coronavirus infection right after China, and on March 24, WHO announced that the United States became the new focus of the spread of COVID-19 (currently there are 142 735 people infected in the United States.Against the backdrop of the rapid spread of coronavirus in the United States and the accompanying decline in the economic activity, confirmed by the American President, the Trump Administration is confidently acting within the framework of anti-Chinese policy: quoting diplomatic sources, NBC News says that the Administration demands that the fact of “the Wuhan origin” of COVID-19 is included in the UN resolution. In Beijing, it is not denied that the virus could have been brought into China by the American troops. If some time ago such assumptions were little taken into account and for the most part rejected, being similar to conspiracy theories, today most politicians around the world have already begun talking about their legitimacy.The US is known for its alarming activity in sponsoring biological weapon laboratories involved in the study of pathogenic biological agents, “obtaining biological material for future experiments”, as well as developing and introducing new technologies into the military sphere. Of particular interest is the geographical location of such laboratories: these are the countries of western and central Asia: Armenia, Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan and Georgia. We also note the agreement signed in 2005 between the Health Department of Ukraine and the US Department of Defense, according to which “in order to assist Ukraine in preventing the spread of technologies, pathogens and knowledge located in the Research Institute of Epidemiology and Hygiene in Lviv, as well as other facilities in Ukraine, defined by the Health Department of Ukraine, which can be used in the development of biological weapons, in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, the US Department of Defense provides grant aid in the amount of cash allocated to achieve this goal to the Health Department of Ukraine”.The next important object is the Lugar Laboratory, also known as the Georgian Research Center in Tbilisi, which is functioning at the disposal of the National Center for Disease Control and Public Health of Georgia and is the investment project of the USA aimed at creating a strategic military facility. The laboratory is studying especially dangerous infectious diseases, but it hides the true motives of its research, which may indicate the possibility of developing biological weapons. Statements about the danger associated with the activities of this center were repeatedly voiced by Secretary of the Security Council of the Russian Federation Nikolai Patrushev, as well as numerous representatives of the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs. The available data suggest that the main vectors of the direction of the bacteriological threat emanating from the United States are Russia and mainland China.Taking into account the given facts, let us try to hypothesize that the new coronavirus pneumonia is a provocation of the USA, an American military development, introduced through biological weapon laboratories located in West Asia in order to destroy the main rival of the USA – China. The goal of introducing such a means of struggle could initially be not only elimination of the constant threat of the increasing economic influence of the “Celestial Empire”, but also obtaining the greatest benefits from the trade agreement that was supposed to be concluded with China: after all, it was much easier to agree with an economy weakened by coronavirus that had struck its main driving force, on  conditions, not entirely beneficial for it. In this case, it was already a question of an ethnic war conducted with the use of new bacteriological weapons. Trump’s traditional attacks on China add fuel to the fire, an attempt to accuse it of launching a global pandemic is Trump’s typical game in the style of “the best defense is an attack”.However, now that the political intrigue is gaining new momentum and the US itself is falling into the hole it made for its rival, what does the world superpower have to do next?On March 29, a source in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation said that Russia was concerned about the US military and biological activities in nearby countries, being implemented in the laboratory workouts financed by the Pentagon, and insists on clarifying the purpose of these laboratories.“As for the “American trace” in the emergence of COVID-19, we don’t have such information for today”, – a source in the Foreign Ministry said. “However, for a long time we have been watching with concern the US military and biological activities carried out in close proximity to our borders. In our neighboring countries of the Caucasus and Central Asia, and the latter border with China, there are biological laboratories created with the money of Washington and with the participation of business travelling specialists from there”, – he added.The Italian political expert Tiberio Graziani, President of the Vision & Global Trends International Institute for Global Analysis, in an interview with News Front correspondents, commented on the situation as follows:“Currently, with reference to the lab creation of the coronavirus, as a bacterioligic weapon, there are no certain elements to affirm it. The fact that these theories or assumptions run on various media and social networks is a demonstration of the frustration of those who write or disseminate them. However, it should be emphasized that so-called conspiracy hypotheses of this kind actually create a smoke screen that prevents a serious, peaceful and articulated debate on global epidemics.“In my opinion, the question of such health crises cannot be reduced to an ideological confrontation. However, this must not be an alibi for not investigating military laboratories that develop bacterioligic weapons”, – Mr. Grziani said.The conclusion suggests itself: of course, we should not prematurely put conspiracy theological ideas into the mass consciousness of the civilian population. Nevertheless, the question of the open, legal functioning of worrying laboratories is one of the leading issues on the political agenda of government agencies of all countries of the world community. Joint efforts should be made to study the activities of centers for the research of biological material, ideologically and financially supported by the United States of America. One of the priority tasks is to give Lugar’s Tbilisi laboratory an international status, which will allow independent experts from Russia, European and Western countries to fully participate in its activities and be aware of all the nuances of the experiments. This will increase the chances of preserving the right to a safe existence of citizens in the nearby territories.|0
In 2019, a mysterious shipment sent from Canada to China was found to contain hidden coronavirus, which Chinese agents working at a Canadian laboratory reportedly stole, obviously without permission.Reports reveal that these Chinese agents were working undercover for the Chinese Biological Warfare Program, and may have infiltrated North America for the sole purpose of hijacking this deadly virus in order to unleash it at a later date.That unleashing could be the coronavirus outbreak that’s currently dominating media headlines – with as many as 44,000 people now infected – despite blame being assigned to contaminated food sold at the Huanan Seafood Market in Wuhan, China – and here’s why.It was back on June 13, 2012, when a 60-year-old man from Saudi Arabia was admitted to a private hospital in Jeddah with a seven-day affliction of fever, cough, expectoration and shortness of breath. The man had no known history of cardiopulmonary or renal disease, was on no medications, and didn’t smoke, and tests revealed that he had become infected with a previously unknown strain of coronavirus.However, tests could not reveal where the man had contracted coronavirus. So, Dr. Ali Mohamed Zaki, the Egyptian virologist who was caring for the man, contacted Ron Fouchier, a premier virologist at the Erasmus Medical Center (EMC) in Rotterdam, The Netherlands, for advice.Fouchier proceeded to sequence a sample of the virus sent to him by Dr. Zaki using a broad-spectrum “pan-coronavirus” real-time polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) method to distinguish it from other strains of coronavirus. He then sent it to Dr. Frank Plummer, the Scientific Director of Canada’s National Microbiology Laboratory (NML) in Winnipeg, on May 4, 2013, where it was replicated for assessment and diagnostic purposes.Scientists in Winnipeg proceeded to test this strain of coronavirus on animals to see which species could catch it. This research was done in conjunction with the Canadian Food Inspection Agency’s national lab, as well as with the National Centre for Foreign Animal Diseases, which is in the same complex as the National Microbiology Laboratory (NML).NML, it’s important to note, has long conducted tests with coronavirus, having isolated and provided the first genome sequence of the SARS coronavirus. This lab had also identified another type of coronavirus, known as NL63, back in 2004.Formerly respected scientist allowed multiple deadly viruses besides coronavirus to be shipped to China.Fast-forward to today, and the recent discovery of the mystery shipment containing coronavirus can be traced all the way back to these samples that were sent to Canada for analysis, suggesting that the current coronavirus outbreak was likely stolen as a bioweapon to be released for just such a time as this.According to reports, the shipment occurred back in March of 2019, which caused a major scandal with biowarfare experts who questioned why Canada was purportedly sending lethal viruses to China. It was later discovered in July that Chinese virologists had stolen it, and were forcibly dispatched as a result.“The NML is Canada’s only level-4 facility and one of only a few in North America equipped to handle the world’s deadliest diseases, including Ebola, SARS, Coronavirus, etc.,” explains a report by Great Game India, as republished by Zero Hedge.“The NML scientist who was escorted out of the Canadian lab along with her husband, another biologist, and members of her research team is believed to be a Chinese Bio-Warfare agent Xiangguo Qiu,” it goes on to explain, adding that Qiu had served as head of the Vaccine Development and Antiviral Therapies Section of the Special Pathogens Program at Canada’s NML.A formerly respected scientist in China, Qiu began studying powerful viruses in 2006. In 2014, many of these viruses she studied, including not only coronavirus but also Machupo, Junin, Rift Valley Fever, Crimean-Congo Hemorrhagic Fever, and Hendra, all suddenly appeared in China as part of a massive hijacking.Be sure to read the full report at ZeroHedge.com.You can also keep up with the latest coronavirus news by visiting Outbreak.news.|0
COVID-19 Virus Movie is a Scripted Narrative designed to Justify Closed Borders and Inspire Citizens to Stay Home While upwards of 500,000 Arrests (158,000+ Sealed Indictments Opened) will take place in USA & Greater Numbers World Wide for Horrendous Crimes to Humanity & Corruptions related to Human Sex & Child Trafficking, a Depopulation agenda by Globalists, Illegal Organ Harvesting, Opioid Fentanyl Epidemic linked to China & Britain and other nations Implementing Espionage Plans for the USA. This is a Military Operation that is being modeled after Sun Tzu warfare. The Military & Trump Administration is Pivoting against Deep State Tactics as a Strategy that will have the Lowest Negative Impact to Innocent Citizens whole Freeing The World from Decades of Brainwashing to Mask Evil Operations that Operate a $150 Billion Year Child Trafficking Network by Deep State. Over 800,000 children in USA an 8,000,000 Globally Go Missing annually. Trump & White Hat Military Alliance is Ending this Evil Covered up by Fake News. THE STORM IS HERE - The Great Awakening|0
For the first time in the post-war history of epidemics, there is a reversal of which countries are most heavily affected by a disease pandemic. By early May, 2020, more than 90% of all reported deaths from coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) have been in the world's richest countries; if China, Brazil, and Iran are included in this group, then that number rises to 96%. The rest of the world—historically far more used to being depicted as the reservoir of pestilence and disease that wealthy countries sought to protect themselves from, and the recipient of generous amounts of advice and modest amounts of aid from rich governments and foundations—looks on warily as COVID-19 moves into these regions.Despite this reversal, however, the usual formula of dispensing guidance continues to be played out, with policies deemed necessary for the hardest-hit wealthy countries becoming a one-size-fits-all message for all countries. Two centrepieces of this approach are the use of widespread lockdowns to enforce physical distancing—although, it is notable that a few wealthy countries like Sweden and South Korea have not adopted this strategy—and a focus on sophisticated tertiary hospital care and technological solutions. We question the appropriateness of these particular strategies for less-resourced countries with distinct population structures, vastly different public health needs, immensely fewer health-care resources, less participatory governance, massive within-country inequities, and fragile economies. We argue that these strategies might subvert two core principles of global health: that context matters and that social justice and equity are paramount.Context is central to the control of any epidemic, a truism we've known for centuries but that we seem to have overlooked in this pandemic. Perhaps this is unsurprising given the colonial history of medicine, in which the illnesses that affected Europeans were assumed to have universal significance whereas those that affected the non-European populations who were colonised were relegated to “tropical medicine”. That context matters is obvious in the case of COVID-19. Low-income and lower-middle-income countries, clustered in sub-Saharan Africa and south and southeast Asia, have a different demographic profile from wealthy countries of the OECD and east Asia. Their populations are much younger and most older people live at home, not in care homes, where up to half of all deaths in wealthy countries have occurred. Just these variations in age structure and social arrangements account for lower risk of COVID-19 mortality in these populations. Yet lockdowns have been imposed in these countries.The number of deaths from COVID-19 since the epidemic began is a tiny fraction of all deaths that have occurred due to any cause since the start of 2020. Thus, people continue to die in the millions of other diseases, and lockdowns have made accessing essential health care much more difficult in some places. In India, for example, public transport, the main way for the poor and many health-care workers to reach a health facility, has been barred since late March, although a limited restoration was announced on May 4, 2020. Not surprisingly, there have been dramatic reductions in essential public health and clinical interventions; data from India's National Health Mission indicate that there was a 69% reduction in measles, mumps, and rubella vaccination in children, a 21% reduction in institutional deliveries, a 50% reduction in clinic attendance for acute cardiac events and, surprisingly, a 32% fall in inpatient care for pulmonary conditions in March, 2020, compared with March, 2019. Similar reports are emerging from other countries, including disruptions to insecticide-treated net campaigns, access to antimalarial medicines, and suspension of polio vaccination.Twinned with lockdowns to achieve physical distancing is the promotion of widescale COVID-19 testing that relies on expensive kits and an emphasis on intensive-care units and ventilator capacity. These strategies, which have dominated much of the health-system response in rich countries, are a remote possibility in many low-resource contexts where access to intensive care or anything beyond basic diagnostics is far from universal. If COVID-19 vaccines are developed, history suggests they are likely to be available first in the countries that can afford to purchase them and only then will they trickle down to low-income countries, where they will reach the wealthy first. By contrast, there is barely any mention of the role of syndromic diagnosis (clinical diagnosis based on the constellation of symptoms and signs which are a hallmark of infection); the role of community health workers, primary care nurses, and doctors; and the role of community engagement. Constrained health-care systems already short of money, beds, equipment, and staff, are unlikely to be able to provide treatment for COVID-19 patients unless they reallocate scarce resources. And so, the combined effect of the reduced access to, and availability of, essential health care might lead to increases in deaths unrelated to COVID-19.A second key principle of global health is social justice and equity: the concerns of the poor who already bear a disproportionate burden of risk factors and disease must be at the centre of all decisions. Yet a one-size-fits-all approach to COVID-19 has not only been inequitable in its impact, but is also likely to increase inequalities in the long term. A stark example is the inequitable economic impact of lockdowns on people who barely survive on precarious livelihoods. About 2 billion people make their living in the informal economy, and over 90% of them live in low-income and low-middle-income countries. Hunger is an immediate threat to these people and their families, both due to the loss of daily wages and the disruption of the food supply chains. The UN has estimated that over 300 million children who rely on school meals for most of their nutritional needs might now be at risk of acute hunger, which could reverse the progress made in the past 2–3 years in reducing infant mortality within a year.Then there is the practical challenge of physical distancing and quarantining in urban slums and rural households where multiple people share a room and where toilets cater for many families. Lockdowns have been enforced with an increase in authoritarian behaviour of the police with the poor experiencing brutality and humiliation in countries such as India, Nigeria, Kenya, and South Africa. In sharp contrast, lockdowns are little more than an inconvenience for affluent people, who typically look to high-income countries as the model to shape their view of how society should respond to the pandemic.What then should these countries do, especially as some of them begin to ease lockdown restrictions? Realistically, a community-based approach is needed that emphasises active case finding (through syndromic diagnosis where laboratory-confirmed diagnosis is not available) by community health workers and primary care providers, with contact tracing and home quarantining, especially early in an epidemic, engaging and enabling community resources with due attention to avoiding stigmatisation, and banning mass gatherings. District-level facilities for appropriate respiratory support that can be managed by locally available human resources, equipped with adequate personal protection, need to be developed as long-term assets for the health-care system. Lockdowns, if humanely planned and with the participation of the community affected, could be used sparingly to contain clusters of cases. Wearing masks at home for the ill person and caregiver, washing hands when possible, practising coughing etiquette, and physically distancing older people and those with comorbidities are a few of the non-intrusive interventions that are possible without disrupting the intrinsic fabric of society. Central to our proposals are the engagement and participation of all sections of the community, especially the poor and marginalised, as a mature and responsible citizenry, invoking their solidarity to be part of a shared endeavour, rather than seeing the goal of containing COVID-19 as a purely technocratic or law-and-order problem. Similar community-based strategies of social mobilisation and engagement were effective in reducing transmission of Ebola virus disease in west Africa.Concurrently, we suggest that countries must let people get on with their lives—to work, earn money, and put food on the table. Let shop keepers open and sell their wares and provide services. Let construction workers return to building sites. Allow farmers to harvest their crops and to transport them to be sold on the open market. Allow health workers to do their daily work as before, with sensible precautions such as use of gloves and masks to minimise the risk of exposure to the virus. And allow the average citizen to travel freely with restrictions only applied to clusters where lockdowns are necessary. Livelihoods are an imperative for saving lives. Some will say such an approach, which runs the risk of spreading disease, implies that the lives of poor people are not as valuable as those in wealthy countries. Nothing could be further from the truth. The policies of widespread lockdowns and a focus on high-technology health care might unintentionally lead to even more sickness and death, disproportionately affecting the poor. And, if such policies are mandated by global consensus, then global financial institutions must write off outstanding debts from low-income countries and finance the needed resources to underwrite the economic recovery of these countries.Key principles of global health are context and equity. We urge less-resourced countries to devise policies that speak to their unique demographics, diverse social conditions and cultures, precarious livelihoods, and constrained infrastructure and resources. A focus is needed on what is possible, acceptable, just, and sustainable. Given that substantial financial support from wealthy countries—in contrast to technical guidance—is unlikely, low-resource countries need to rely on their own home-grown expertise, grassroots experience, and community resources to chart a way through this crisis. In addition to being aligned with the founding principles of global health, such policies would adhere to a principle of the Hippocratic Oath “primum non nocere”—”first do no harm”.|1
The medical community strongly advises the population to get a flu shot to help combat the epidemic of this coronavirus. Honestly, I never made any sense to me. It is two different types of viruses. So not now the flu shot works for all viruses? Concerningly, the latest research shows that getting the flu vaccine increases the risk of getting the coronavirus by 36%!!! Here’s the first link: “Influenza Vaccination and Respiratory Virus Interference Among Department of Defense Personnel During the 2017-2018 Influenza Season. “Flu Vaccine Increases Coronavirus Risk 36% Says Military Study”. “Examining non-influenza viruses specifically, the odds of both coronavirus and human metapneumovirus in vaccinated individuals were significantly higher when compared to unvaccinated individuals (OR = 1.36 and 1.51, respectively) (Table 5).” Paraphrasing, the study highlights the value of the human body’s ability to fight against viruses. Apparently, by contracting influenza, the body naturally “may reduce the risk of non-influenza respiratory viruses…” “While influenza vaccination offers protection against influenza, natural influenza infection may reduce the risk of non-influenza respiratory viruses by providing temporary, non-specific immunity against these viruses. On the other hand, recently published studies have described the phenomenon of vaccine-associated virus interference; that is, vaccinated individuals may be at increased risk for other respiratory viruses because they do not receive the non-specific immunity associated with natural infection.” Like I blogged about before, the flu shot is known to actually suppress your immune system.|0
“So let me get this straight about this virus It’s “new” yet it was lab created and patented in 2015 (in development since 03’) The patent expired (today) on the day the first case is announced in the US The patent also tells us the CDC helped make this! “This invention was made by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, an agency of the United States Government. Therefore, the U.S. Government has certain rights in this invention.” And now magically a vaccine is in the works for it already? Yet the patent in 2015 already references a vaccine for it.But what do I know I’m just a conspiracy theorist.” - Chris Kirckof|0
The CDC has said we need to prepare for a widespread COVID-19 outbreak. How? With novel coronavirus outbreaks popping up throughout the world, U.S. health officials on Tuesday (Feb. 25) advised the American public to prepare for an epidemic in which the virus rapidly spreads to many people within a short window of time."Now's the time for businesses, hospitals, community schools and everyday people to begin preparing," Dr. Nancy Messonnier, the director of the National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), said in a news conference held Feb. 25. With no vaccine or treatment available to combat these infections, Americans must be prepared to take other precautions to protect themselves and their communities from the virus, she said."If we're not able to hold the line in the next week or two, you're going to start seeing a lot more cases," said Dr. George Rutherford, a professor of epidemiology and biostatistics at the University of California, San Francisco. But what can you do, personally, to prepare for an impending viral outbreak? Live Science talked to several experts about how to prepare for coronavirus in the US. Here are some tips:Practice good hygiene and health habits.Wash your hands often and thoroughly with soap and water for at least 20 seconds or use an alcohol-based hand sanitizer (with at least 60% to 95% alcohol).Cover your coughs and sneezes with an elbow sleeve or tissue. Avoid touching your eyes, nose or mouth, as you can pick up the virus that way. Clean frequently touched surfaces and objects like doorknobs and countertops. Evidence suggests that disinfectants with 62% to 71% ethanol, 0.5% hydrogen peroxide or 0.1% sodium hypochlorite (bleach) can "efficiently" inactivate coronaviruses within a minute, though it's not yet known how the new coronavirus reacts to these products, Live Science previously reported.Get the flu shot if you haven't already! Although the seasonal flu vaccine cannot protect you from COVID-19 directly, you may be more likely to develop severe pneumonia if you contract both diseases simultaneously, The New York Times reported. By avoiding the flu, you may also avoid making a trip to the doctor in the middle of a COVID-19 epidemic, when health care workers may be overwhelmed with other patients. Be prepared to stay home.Talk with your employer about what the company's work-from-home and sick leave policy might be in the event of an outbreak.Schools may be closed in your area during an outbreak. Ask your child's school, local school board or health department about how much advance notice there might be preceding a closure. Plan for how you will handle child care if schools and day care centers are closed.Large group gatherings may be canceled, including concerts, religious services and public events. Keep up with local announcements to find out about those cancellations.If you or someone in your household regularly takes prescription drugs, it may be wise to ask your health care and insurance providers about procuring an emergency supply.Make a plan for how to care for those at greater risk of serious illness and hospitalization, such as those over 65 years old and those with preexisting health conditions. Also have a backup plan for who will care for your dependents if you get sick, personally. Make sure you have reasonable amounts of groceries and other basic household necessities, such as laundry detergent. However, it's a balance: "On the one hand, your chance of exposure will be minimal if you stay home, but if the cost of that is runs on grocery stores and having nothing available, that's a problem," Rutherford said.Check in with your neighbors and loved ones. Talk with your neighbors to check in on their health status and see how you can help each other if one of you is home sick or caring for others. Share the newest information from local health authorities, and make sure others are up to date.What to do if you or a household member has symptoms of COVID-19.If you are experiencing high fever, weakness, lethargy, or shortness of breath or have underlying conditions, you should seek medical attention at the nearest hospital, according to Dr. Amesh Adalja, an infectious disease expert at the Johns Hopkins Center for Health Security. "The older you are, the shorter the fuse you should have for seeking care," Rutherford added. Infants should also be taken to a health care center if they have a fever or are breathing rapidly.Health care centers may establish triage tents or separate entrances for those with suspected COVID-19 infections, Adalja said. It may be wise to call ahead to learn if this is the case, and what you should do when you get to the hospital.If you live with an infected person, you may be asked to voluntarily quarantine yourself at home to prevent the possible spread of the infection to others, according to the Seattle Public Health Insider.If you have to leave your home (to seek medical care, for example), wearing a medical face mask can help reduce your chance of infecting others. If you don't have a mask, make sure to cover your coughs and sneezes with an elbow sleeve or tissue.What to do if you are healthy, but have to go outside in an affected area. Wearing a standard medical mask can't protect you from COVID-19, as they are not designed to lock out viral particles, Live Science previously reported. However, if you suspect you may have been exposed to the virus, you might consider wearing a mask as a courtesy to others. In crowded spaces, creating distance between yourself and others can help reduce your risk of person-to-person infection, according to the Seattle Public Health Insider. Officials recommend standing at least 3 feet away from nearby persons, but if an epidemic proves more severe, the recommended distance may be increased.|1
Bananas are one of the most popular fruits worldwide. such as Vitamin C. All of these support health. people who follow a high fiber diet have a lower risk of cardiovascular disease. Bananas contain water and fiver, both of which promote regularity and encourage digestive health. Research made by scientists and the University of Queensland in Australia have proven that bananas improve your immune system due to the super source of Vitamins B-6 and helps prevent coronavirus. Having a banana a day keeps the coronavirus away.|0
Scientists all over the world are testing whether drugs previously developed to treat other viral infections might also be effective against the new coronavirus that causes COVID-19.One drug that has received a lot of attention is the antiviral drug remdesivir. That's because the coronavirus that causes COVID-19 is similar to the coronaviruses that caused the diseases SARS and MERS — and evidence from laboratory and animal studies suggests that remdesivir may help limit the reproduction and spread of these viruses in the body. In particular, there is a critical part of all three viruses that can be targeted by drugs. That critical part, which makes an important enzyme that the virus needs to reproduce, is virtually identical in all three coronaviruses; drugs like remdesivir that successfully hit that target in the viruses that cause SARS and MERS are likely to work against the COVID-19 virus.Remdesivir was developed to treat several other severe viral diseases, including the disease caused by Ebola virus (not a coronavirus). It works by inhibiting the ability of the coronavirus to reproduce and make copies of itself: if it can't reproduce, it can't make copies that spread and infect other cells and other parts of the body.Remdesivir inhibited the ability of the coronaviruses that cause SARS and MERS to infect cells in a laboratory dish. The drug also was effective in treating these coronaviruses in animals: there was a reduction in the amount of virus in the body, and also an improvement in lung disease caused by the virus.The drug appears to be effective in the laboratory dish, in protecting cells against infection by the COVID virus (as is true of the SARS and MERS coronaviruses), but more studies are underway to confirm that this is true.Remdesivir was used in the first case of COVID-19 that occurred in Washington state, in January 2020. The patient was severely ill, but survived. Of course, experience in one patient does not prove the drug is effective.Two large randomized clinical trials are underway in China. The two trials will enroll over 700 patients, and are likely to definitively answer the question of whether the drug is effective in treating COVID-19. The results of those studies are expected in April or May 2020. Studies also are underway in the United States, including at several Harvard-affiliated hospitals. It is hard to predict when the drug could be approved for use and produced in large amounts, assuming the clinical trials indicate that it is effective and safe.|1
Although physicians still have no vaccine or cure for the novel coronavirus, health officials and pharmaceutical companies around the world are working hard to develop them.More than 20 potential vaccines aimed at preventing coronavirus disease are in development around the world, the World Health Organization's director-general said Friday.But health officials have consistently said it will take at least a year before any vaccine is proven effective and gets necessary approvals for wide distribution.Meanwhile, several treatments aimed at healing patients or alleviating symptoms already are in clinical trials.Here are some recent developments in the race for treatments and vaccines for the novel coronavirus.Potential treatments. The antiviral drug remdesivir:An existing antiviral drug, remdesivir, is showing signs of helping to treat this new coronavirus, the World Health Organization has said."There is only one drug right now that we think may have real efficacy and that's remdesivir," Bruce Aylward, a WHO assistant director-general, said this week at a press conference in Beijing.Remdesivir is an experimental drug that was tested in humans to treat the Ebola virus, though studies found it was ineffective for that.Developed by American biotech firm Gilead Sciences, the drug is slated for these trials:The University of Nebraska Medical Center in Omaha: A clinical trial is underway there -- and the first participant is an American who was evacuated from the Diamond Princess cruise ship docked in Japan, the US National Institutes of Health said.Participants will receive 200 milligrams of remdesivir intravenously when they're enrolled and another 100 while they're hospitalized for up to 10 days in total. A placebo group will receive a solution that resembles remdesivir but contains only inactive ingredients, the NIH said."We will know reasonably soon whether it works. And if it does, we will then have an effective therapy to distribute," Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, said Wednesday.Studies elsewhere: About 1,000 coronavirus patients, primarily in Asia, will be part of two randomized studies of remdesivir, starting in March, Gilead Sciences said Wednesday.One will be for about 400 patients with severe symptoms. The other will be for about 600 patients with more moderate symptoms. The study will look at the effectiveness of different dosing durations: Patients in both groups will receive the drug for either five or 10 days.HIV drugs: Doctors around the world, including in Thailand and China, have been trying a combination of HIV and flu drugs.Results of those studies haven't been widely reported, but there are a few reasons to explore HIV antiretroviral drugs. Like HIV, coronaviruses are RNA viruses. And years ago, a combination of HIV drugs and an antiviral drug seemed to help some patients in the 2002-2004 outbreak of SARS, caused by a different coronavirus, according to a study published in the journal Thorax."China learned from prior coronavirus epidemics (SARS and MERS) to repurpose antiretroviral and antiviral medications for partial treatment of this newest global health scare," Dr. Sten Vermund, dean of the Yale School of Public Health, wrote for CNN last month.Potential vaccines.A number of companies around the world say they've developed potential vaccines after obtaining genetic information about the virus.Since this coronavirus emerged in in December in Wuhan, China, these candidates have emerged quickly. By comparison, researchers took about 20 months to start human tests of the vaccine for SARS, Fauci has written.But the reality is that health officials insist these potential vaccines can't be approved for at least a year. Fauci gave CNN this outlook on Wednesday: The first Phase 1 clinical trial could begin in about two months. Such a trial, involving about 45 people, would last about three months. Researchers would try to determine if the candidate is safe and immunogenic.The next phase, involving hundreds of people, would last another six to eight months.So, even if a candidate is proven safe and effective, it won't be ready for use this year, Fauci said.Now, a look at some candidates: Moderna trial could start in April: US biotech firm Moderna has sent an experimental vaccine to the US National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases and says its Phase 1 trial could start in April.Moderna, using messenger RNA, aims to make drugs that direct cells in the body to make proteins to prevent or fight disease.The technology has had positive results from Phase 1 tests across six different vaccines, one of which is currently in a Phase 2 trial, according to a company spokesperson. But Moderna has yet to produce a proven vaccine with its mRNA platform.Novavax and Inovio: US biotech firms Novavax and Inovio also say they have developed candidates. Novavax says it hopes its vaccine could start Phase 1 testing in May or June.Many other efforts: The US National Institutes of Health; Chinese biotech firm Clover, in a partnership with British drugmaker GlaxoSmithKline; Israel's Institute for Biological Research; US pharma giant Johnson & Johnson; and Japan's National Institute of Infectious Diseases are among groups who've indicated they're working on a vaccine.|1
On January 30th 2020, the World Health Organization (WHO) declared a Public Health Emergency of International Concern (PHEIC) in relation to China’s novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) categorized  as a viral pneumonia.  The virus outbreak was centred in  Wuhan, a city in Eastern China with a population in excess of 11 million.In the week prior to January 30th decision, the WHO Emergency Committee “expressed divergent views”. There were visible divisions within the Committee. On January 30th, a far-reaching decision was taken without the support of expert opinion at a time when the coronavirus outbreak was limited to Mainland China.There were 150 confirmed cases outside China, when the decision was taken. 6 in the United States, 3 in Canada, 2 in the UK, etc.150 confirmed cases over a population of 6.4 billion (World population of 7.8 billion minus China’s 1-4 billion).What was the risk of being infected? Virtually zero.The WHO did not act to reassure and inform World public opinion. Quite the opposite: A “Fear Pandemic” rather than a genuine Public Health Emergency of International Concern (PHEIC)  was launched.Outright panic and uncertainty were sustained through a carefully designed media disinformation campaign.Almost immediately this led to economic dislocations, a crisis in trade and transportation with China affecting major airlines and shipping companies.  A hate campaign against ethnic Chinese in Western countries was launched, followed by the collapse in late February of stock markets, not to mention the crisis in the tourist industry resulting in countless bankruptcies.The complexity of this crisis and its impacts have to be addressed and carefully analysed.What we are dealing with is “economic warfare” supported by media disinformation, coupled with the deliberate intent by  the Trump administration to undermine China’s economy. The ongoing economic dislocations are not limited to China.There are important public health concerns which must be addressed. But what motivated the Director-General of the WHO to act in this way?  Who was behind this historic January 30th decision of the WHO’s Director General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus. Our subsequent  analysis (in the timeline below) reveals that powerful corporate interests linked to Big Pharma, Wall Street and agencies of the US government were instrumental in the WHO’s far-reaching decision.What is at stake is the alliance of “Big Pharma” and “Big Money”, with the endorsement of the Trump Administration. The decision to launch a fake pandemic under the helm of the WHO on January 30, was taken a week earlier at the Davos World Economic Forum (WEF). The media operation was there to spread outright panic.(Scroll down to Read our Timeline on how these events unfolded). But this was not the first time that the WHO decided to act in this way.Remember the unusual circumstances surrounding the April 2009 H1N1 Swine Flu Pandemic.An atmosphere of fear and intimidation prevailed. The data was manipulated.Based on incomplete and scanty data, the WHO Director General nonetheless predicted with authority that: “as many as 2 billion people could become infected over the next two years — nearly one-third of the world population.” (World Health Organization as reported by the Western media, July 2009).It was a multibillion bonanza for Big Pharma supported by the WHO’s Director-General Margaret Chan. In June 2009, Margaret Chan made the following statement:“On the basis of … expert assessments of the evidence, the scientific criteria for an influenza pandemic have been met. I have therefore decided to raise the level of influenza pandemic alert from Phase 5 to Phase 6.  The world is now at the start of the 2009 influenza pandemic. … Margaret Chan, Director-General, World Health Organization (WHO), Press Briefing  11 June 2009) What “expert assessments”?In a subsequent statement she confirmed that:“Vaccine makers could produce 4.9 billion pandemic flu shots per year in the best-case scenario”,Margaret Chan, Director-General, World Health Organization (WHO), quoted by Reuters, 21 July 2009). A  financial windfall for Big Pharma Vaccine Producers including GlaxoSmithKline, Novartis, Merck & Co., Sanofi,  Pfizer. et al.CORONAVIRUS TIMELINE. September 2019: The official US-WHO position is that the coronavirus originated in Wuhan, Hubei Province and was first discovered in Late December. This statement is questioned by Chinese and Japanese virologists who claim that the virus originated in the US.A renowned Taiwanese virologist pointed to evidence that the virus could have originated at an earlier stage, stating : “We must look to September of 2019”.October 18-27 2019: Wuhan 2019: CISM Sport Military World Games. Chinese media intimates (without corroborating evidence) that the coronavirus could have been brought to China “from a foreign source” during the CISM Military World Games.10,000 soldiers from 109 countries will participate.200 American military personnel participated in this 10 day Event.October 18, Event 201. New York. Coronavirus nCoV-2019 Simulation and Emergency Preparedness Task Force, John Hopkins Bloomberg School of Health Security. Big Pharma-Big Money Simulation Exercise sponsored by WEF and Gates Foundation. Simulation Exercise of a coronavirus epidemic which results in 65 million dead. Supported by the World Economic Forum (WEF) representing the interests of Financial institutions, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation representing Big Pharma:In October 2019, the Johns Hopkins Center for Health Security hosted a pandemic tabletop exercise called Event 201 with partners, the World Economic Forum and the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. …  For the scenario, we modeled a fictional coronavirus pandemic, but we explicitly stated that it was not a prediction.Instead, the exercise served to highlight preparedness and response challenges that would likely arise in a very severe pandemic. We are not now predicting that the nCoV-2019 outbreak will kill 65 million people.Although our tabletop exercise included a mock novel coronavirus, the inputs we used for modeling the potential impact of that fictional virus are not similar to nCoV-2019.“We are not now predicting that the nCoV-2019 [which was also used as the name of the simulation] outbreak will kill 65 million people.Although our tabletop exercise included a mock novel coronavirus, the inputs we used for modeling the potential impact of that fictional virus are not similar to nCoV-2019.”Several of the occurrences of the nCoV-2019 exercise coincided with what really happened. In the Event 201 Simulation of a Coronavirus Pandemic, a 15% collapse of financial markets had been “simulated”.It was not “predicted” according to the organizers and sponsors of the event.Private sector initiative. Participation of corporate execs, foundations, financial institutions, Banks, Big Pharma, CIA, CDC, China’s CDC. No health officials (with exception of CDC and China CDC) present on behalf of national governments or the WHO. The simulation exercise was held on the same day as the opening of the CISM World Militaty Sports Games in Wuhan.December 31, 2019: First cases of pneumonia detected and reported in Wuhan, Hubei Province. China.January 1, 2020: Chinese health authorities close the Huanan Seafood Wholesale Market after Western media reports that wild animals sold there may have been the source of the virus. This initial assessment was subsequently refuted by Chinese scientists.January 7, 2020: Chinese authorities “identify a new type of virus” which was isolated  on 7 January. The coronavirus was named 2019-nCoV by the WHO exactly the same name as that adopted in the WEF-Gates-John Hopkins October 18, 2019 simulation exercise. January 11, 2020 – The Wuhan Municipal Health Commission announces the first death caused by the coronavirus.January 22, 2020: WHO. Members of the WHO Emergency Committee “expressed divergent views on whether this event constitutes a PHEIC or not”.January 21-24, 2020: Consultations at the World Economic Forum, Davos, Switzerland under auspices of  the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations (CEPI) for development of a vaccine program. CEPI is a WEF-Gates partnership. With support from CIPI, Seattle based Moderna will manufacture an mRNA vaccine against 2019-nCoV, “The Vaccine Research Center (VRC) of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID), part of NIH, collaborated with Moderna to design the vaccine.”Note: The development of a 2019 nCoV vaccine was announced at Davos, 2 weeks after the January 7, 2020 announcement, and barely a  week prior to the official launching of the WHO’s Worldwide Public Health emergency on January 30.  The WEF-Gates-CEPI Vaccine Announcement precedes the WHO Public Health Emergency (PHEIC).January  30, 2020: Geneva: WHO Director General determines that the outbreak constitutes a Public Health Emergency of International Concern (PHEIC). This decision was taken on the basis of 150 confirmed cases outside China, First case of person to person transmission in US is reported, 6 cases in the US, 3 cases in Canada, 2 in the UK.The WHO Director General had the backing of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, Big Pharma and the World Economic Forum (WEF). There are indications that the decision for the WHO to declare a Global Emergency was taken on the sidelines of the World Economic Forum (WEF) in Davos (January 21-24) overlapping with the Geneva January 22 meeting of the Emergency Committee.Both WHO’s Director Tedros as well as Bill Gates were present at Davos 2020. Bill Gates announced the Gates Foundation’s $10 billion commitment to vaccines over the next 10 years.January 30, 2020 The Simulation Exercise Went Live. The same corporate interests and foundations which were involved in the October 18 John Hopkins Simulation Exercise became REAL ACTORS involved in providing their support to the implementation of the WHO Public Health emergency (PHEIC).January 31, 2020 – One day later following the launch of WHO Global Emergency, The Trump administration announced that it will deny entry to foreign nationals “who have traveled in China in the last 14 days”. This immediately triggers a crisis in air transportation, China-US trade as well as the tourism industry, leading to substantial bankruptcies, not to mention unemployment.Immediately triggers a campaign against ethnic Chinese throughout the Western World.Early February: the acronym of the coronavirus was changed from nCoV- 2019 (its name under the October Event 201 John Hopkins Simulation Exercise before it was identified in early January 2020) to COVID-19.February 28, 2020: A massive WHO vaccination campaign was announced by WHO Director General Dr. Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus.Who was behind this campaign: GlaxoSmithKline in partnership with the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations (CEPI). It is a Gates-WEF partnership, both of which were sponsors of the October 18, “Simulation Exercise”. The campaign to develop vaccines was initiated prior to decision of the WHO to launch a Global Public Health emergency. It was first announced at the WEF meeting at Davos (21-24 January).Late February 2020. Collapse of the stock markets, surge in the value of the stocks of Big Pharma.Early March devastating consequences for the tourist industry Worldwide.February 24:  Moderna Inc supported by CIPI  announced  that it experimental mRNA COVID-19 vaccine, known as mRNA-1273, was ready for human testing.Late February 2020. Second wave of transmission of the virus (Worldwide) to a large number of countries.Late February – Early March: China: More than 50% of the infected patients recover and are discharged from the hospitals. March 3, a total of 49,856 patients have recovered from COVID-19 and were discharged from hospitals in China.  What this means that the total number of  “confirmed infected cases” in China is 30,448. (Namely 80,304 minus 49856 = 30,448  (80 304 is the total number on confirmed cases in China (WHO data, March 3, 2020). These developments concerning “recovery” are not reported by the Western media.March 5, WHO Director General confirms that outside China there are 2055 cases reported in 33 countries. Around 80% of those cases continue to come from just three countries (South Korea, Iran, Italy).These figures suggested that we are not facing a global health emergency, that the probability of infection was low. And Based on China’s experience  the treatment for the virus infection was effective.March 7: USA: The number of “confirmed cases” (infected and recovered) in the United States in early March is of the order of 430, rising to about 6oo (March 8). Rapid rise in the course of March.Compare that to the figures pertaining to the Influenza B Virus: The CDC estimates for 2019-2020 “at least 15 million virus flu illnesses… 140,000 hospitalizations and 8,200 deaths. (The Hill) Early March:  IMF and World Bank To the Rescue.The WHO Director General advises member countries that “the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund have both made funds available to stabilize health systems and mitigate the economic consequences of the epidemic”. That is the proposed neoliberal  “solution” to COVID-19. The World Bank has committed $12billion in so-called “aid” which will contribute to building up the external debt of developing countries.March 7:  China: The Pandemic is Almost Over.Reported new cases in China fall to double digit. 99 cases recorded on March 7.  All of the new cases outside Hubei province are categorized as  “imported infections”(from foreign countries). The reliability of the data remains to be established:99 newly confirmed cases including 74 in Hubei Province, … The new cases included 24 imported infections — 17 in Gansu Province, three in Beijing, three in Shanghai and one in Guangdong Province. March 10-11, 2020: Italy declares a lockdown, followed by several other countries of the EU.  Deployment of 30,000 US troops in the EU as part of the “Defend Europe 2020” war games directed against Russia.March 11, 2020: the Director General of the WHO officially declares the COV-19 Pandemic. Bear in mind the global health emergency was declared on January 3oth without stating officially the existence of a pandemic outside Mainland China.March 11:  Trump orders the suspension for 30 days of all transatlantic flights from countries of the European Union, with the exception of Britain. Coincides with the collapse of airline stocks and a new wave of financial instability. Devastating impacts on the tourist industry in Western Europe.March 16: Moderna  mRNA-1273 is tested in several stages with 45 volunteers in Seattle, Washington State. The vaccine program started in early February:“We don’t know whether this vaccine will induce an immune response, or whether it will be safe. That’s why we’re doing a trial,” Jackson stressed. “It’s not at the stage where it would be possible or prudent to give it to the general population.” (AP, March 16, 2020)March 21, 2020: Secretary of State Mike Pompeo while addressing the American people from the White House stated that COVID-19 is a live military exercise.“This is not about retribution, … This matter is going forward — we are in a live exercise here to get this right.”With a disgusted look on his face, President Trump replied: “You should have let us know.”April 8, 2020: Mounting fear campaign led by Western media. Very rapid increase in so-called “confirmed cases”. “1,282,931 confirmed cases of COVID-19, including 72,776 deaths, reported to WHO” (April 8). Mounting doubts on the reported “confirmed cases” of COVID-19. Failures of the CDC’s categorization and statistical estimates.March- April: Planet Lockdown. Devastating economic and social consequences. The economic and social impacts far exceed those attributed to the coronavirus. Cited below are selected examples of  a global process: Massive job losses and layoffs in the US, with more than 10 million workers filing claims for unemployment benefits.In India,  a 21 days lockdown has triggered a wave of famine and despair affecting millions of homeless migrant workers all over the country. No lockdown for the homeless: “too poor to afford a meal”. The impoverishment in Latin America and sub-Saharan Africa is beyond description. For large sectors of the urban population, household income has literally been wiped out.In Italy, the destabilization of the tourist industry has resulted in bankruptcies and rising unemployment. In many countries, citizens are the object of police violence. Five people involved in protests against the lockdown were killed by police in Kenya and South Africa.Concluding Remarks. We  are dealing with a complex global crisis with far-reaching economic, social and geopolitical implications.We have provided factual information as well as analysis in a summarized “common sense” format.Is is important that COVID-19 be the object of  widespread debate and that the “official interpretations” be forcefully challenged.|0
The coronavirus has been such a dominant theme over the last few weeks that many people who were used to being in the spotlight are suddenly miserable about another topic forcing them into the background. We can also expect to see desperate moves from environmental activist Greta Thunberg to attract media attention. In case that her star falls, we may hear not only that she suffered from the coronavirus, but also that she has undergone a gender change or similar, because it will be harder and harder for her to draw media attention to herself.|0
For many people living with the crushing consequences of Covid-19, the summer offers a tantalizing possibility: If the coronavirus behaves like the seasonal flu, warm weather could substantially weaken the virus and allow normal life to resume. President Trump predicted exactly this outcome in February, claiming the virus would “miraculously” go away by April as temperatures rose.A new working paper tries to put that speculation to rest by tracking how weather and other environmental conditions, such as pollution, affect the virus’s spread around the world.The forecast from researchers is grim: Warm weather alone will not control the virus in America or abroad. Here are the results for the United States, showing weather on its own cannot meaningfully reduce infections to the rate of 1 new case per every infected person, the point by which the number of infections falls continuously.Without social distancing and other interventions, summer will offer only a modest respite in some places, meaning stay-at-home orders and other government interventions will most likely need to continue throughout the summer.“At the end of the day, this whole effect from weather and pollution is still pretty minor,” said Mohammad Jalali, an assistant professor at Harvard Medical School and one of the study’s authors. “No government should rely on the effect of the weather.”The study, conducted by researchers at six academic institutions, found that warm weather could play a small role in slowing the virus in at least a few places and for a few months. In some of the hottest cities in the United States, like Phoenix, high temperatures could drive down the rate of infections by over 40 percent. In parts of India and Pakistan, conditions during the hotter months could make the virus less than half as likely to infect new hosts.For regions facing cold, bitter winters, weather has the opposite effect, increasing the rate of infections and making it even harder to control the virus.Like all weather forecasts, there is significant uncertainty about the results. Researchers will continue to debate the measurements and methodology; others may come up with alternative projections. But all the evidence available suggests weather plays a role with coronavirus transmission, but only a small one.Here is how those predictions look in every U.S. county for the next year.In New York City, weather could reduce the rate of infections by a quarter during the hottest months. But by winter, those benefits likewise fade, when cold weather could boost transmissions slightly.Headed into summer, governors have already signaled their eagerness to give up social distancing and reopen their economies before passing the White House’s own guidelines for testing and new infections. The warm weather effects could help justify those decisions in the short term, as governors point to falling infections as a sign that the virus is defeated.“Basing policy decisions on the assumption of seasonality is dangerous,” said Anice Lowen, a professor of microbiology and immunology at Emory University, which was not affiliated with this study. “Possibly we’ll see slower spread in the summer, but even that summer spread could seed the virus in a quiet way, and then come winter it would be a bigger problem than it would have been.”There are some silver linings, however. Rather than relying on weather alone to slow the spread, it’s possible that warm temperatures will work alongside other interventions to adequately slow the virus. Here’s how that works:It’s not fully understood how warm weather controls the spread of the virus.Akiko Iwasaki, an immunologist at Yale University who wasn’t affiliated with this study, said that people are more susceptible to infections in other respiratory viruses when the air they breathe is cold or particularly dry.Research has also shown that the hotter it is, the faster some viruses will break down outside of a human host. Scientists have found evidence that this coronavirus dies in warmer weather as well. And dry air helps respiratory viruses in droplets expelled from a person’s nose or mouth stay in the air longer, making them more likely to infect someone else.Some differences may be driven by how people react to the weather. Regions with more ultraviolet light, like Colombia and Ecuador, were associated with higher transmission rates in the study, even though it’s believed that ultraviolet light can destroy the virus. Hazhir Rahmandad, a co-author of the study from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, suggested a high UV index could drive people indoors, where it’s easier to spread the virus.“It’s a combination of host susceptibility and viral stability,” Dr. Iwasaki said. “In dry and colder conditions the virus survives better, combined with the fact that host resistance in those conditions is impaired.”As it becomes harder for the virus to find new people to infect, it’s likely that Covid-19 will ebb and flow with the seasons, according to Dr. Lowen, the Emory microbiology professor. But for now, too many are susceptible to the virus for the weather to influence when and where infections will rise and fall.What has undoubtedly influenced the virus’s spread, however, is the human factor: decisions made by governments and individuals alike. While the weather effects are slight, some countries have successfully controlled the virus.The weather can’t be controlled. But our actions can.|1
The new fifth generation (5G) cellular system that is being installed in major American cities such as Dallas, Atlanta, Waco, Texas, and Sacramento [1, 3] will intensify the microwave radiation health risks for everyone living in those cities.Eleven More Cities Targeted for 5G Deployment this Year.The new 5G cell systems that Verizon and AT&T are planning to install in other cities in 2018 [1, 3] will use shorter length microwaves than the existing 4G (fourth generation) systems. New generation cell phones will be able to communicate with either 5G or 4G microwave towers to optimize connectivity. Copper phone lines will be replaced with 5G rooftop antennas on homes and businesses. These antennas will communicate with 5G cell towers and with the wireless equipment in homes and offices to provide phone and broadband services.5G will be the foundation for the “smart cities” of the future.The Safety of 5G Has Not Been Tested.The microwave frequencies that are being used in this new generation 5G system are in the 1-millimeter wave length.The long-term health risks of these short microwaves have not been adequately tested and the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) and telecom companies are simply presuming that they are safe based on 1996 research.New Research Reveals Harmful Effects of Cellular Systems. Research on microwave frequency radiation conducted since 1996 shows that the existing 3G and 4G cellular systems are causing serious harm to human health.The 5G systems will increase the level of harm to the level where illness and death can no longer be denied.Harmful Effects are Cumulative.We now know that the development of cancer, heart disease, diabetes, Alzheimer’s and numerous other diseases and disabling symptoms are linked to the cumulative effects of microwave radiation.Cellular systems are pushing microwave radiation into our bodies and brains 24 hours a day regardless of whether we use a cell phone or even own one. A Million or More New 5G Towers will be Erected in American Cities. The 5G towers will be spaced approximately 500 feet apart and will be highly visible eyesores.The “small cell” transmitters will be mounted on top of electric utility poles, municipal buildings, schools, and in city parks, on top of street signs, bus shelters, and anywhere else telecom companies wish.n low lying areas they might need to erect new towers that are taller than electric utility poles to accomplish their objectives. Refrigerator size electrical boxes will be attached to each transmission tower. If you happen to be in an area with underground electric service, then they will erect new towers that use the underground electrical lines.If you live or work in a densely populated area where electrical poles are very close to buildings, then you might have a 5G cell tower located a few feet from your place of employment or your bedroom. It is estimated that the daily microwave exposure generated by the 5G system will be equivalent to living inside a microwave oven and turning it up to high and baking yourself for 19 minutes a day.Telecom Companies Hold the Upper Hand on 5G Tower Placement. FCC regulations [11] make it illegal for government entities to try to delay or stop cell tower installation on the basis of health risks.Telecom companies can sue cities and states that attempt to use health concerns to impede their cell tower building plans.How Harmful is 5G? Can We Stop It?The remainder of this article provides detailed information about the health risks of 5G and explains why the public and government entities cannot stop the rapid build-out of the 5G system despite the massive health risks.It will link you to efforts in your state where telecom companies are seeking to enact legislation that will strip away all rights to object to cell tower placement on any basis.My previous articles on microwave radiation dangers will provide background information to those who are not familiar with this topic. Please visit:New 5G Cell Towers and Smart Meters to Increase Microwave Radiation – Invade Privacy.Smart Meters: Countdown to a National Crisis of Illness and Death|0
Bananas are a good source of various nutrients, but eating them doesn't offer solid protection against COVID-19.It is true that bananas, consumed in moderation, are fairly good sources of fiber, dietary potassium, vitamin B6, and vitamin C, all of which are important components of a healthy diet.However, other than contributing in a modest way to general good health, the consumption of bananas does not specifically do anything to “prevent coronavirus,” nor have scientists at the University of Queensland asserted any such claim.The most effective methods to protect yourself against contracting COVID-19 do not involve eating any specific food, but rather maintaining a safe distance from others who might spread the virus to you and regularly following basic sanitary/hygienic procedures:Wash your hands regularly for 20 seconds, with soap and water or alcohol-based hand rub. Avoid close contact (1 meter or 3 feet) with people who are unwell. Stay home and self-isolate from others in the household if you feel unwell. Don’t touch your eyes, nose, or mouth if your hands are not clean|1
The novel coronavirus can infect anyone, but it's older adults — ages 60 and up — who are more likely to get seriously sick from it.Some tips are applicable to every generation, but there are specific precautions older adults should take to protect their health.We spoke to two geriatricians and pulled guidance from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to assemble what people 60 and up need to know about the novel coronavirus.You can download a sheet of that information (in English, Spanish and Chinese) and share with your loved ones. But remember: Recommendations for Covid-19 may change as officials learn more, so monitor your local health department and the CDC for updates.What's your risk level. The CDC says "older adults" and people with severe chronic illness are more likely to become severely ill from Covid-19.Infectious disease experts define "older adults" as anyone age 60 and up, so people in that age group should be cautious.It's possible to contract the virus at a younger age — it's just more dangerous in older adults because the immune system weakens with age, said Dr. Samir Sinha, director of Geriatrics for the Sinai Health System and the University Health Network in Toronto.People over the age of 80 may want to exercise even more caution. A report published in the medical journal JAMA that examined more than 72,000 Chinese coronavirus patients found that the overall fatality rate was 2.3%. But in adults over 80, the fatality rate rose to 15%.If you live in a community where there's an outbreak, you're at a higher risk of infection, too. Follow the advice below.What precautions you should take now.Cancel all non-essential doctor's appointments, said Dr. Carla Perissinotto, an associate professor in the Geriatrics Division of the University of California-San Francisco's Department of Medicine.Whether it's a standard check-up, a follow-up appointment for a stable condition or an elective procedure, if it can wait, then it should.If you have an important appointment coming up, consider doing it in a video call or from your smartphone. Telehealth tech lets physicians confer with patients who may not be able to leave their homes.Tell a friend, a loved one, a co-worker or a neighbor if you're concerned about the illness. Appoint one of them as an emergency contact who you can call with concerns or requests for help.Otherwise, do what you'd do during flu season: Wash your hands frequently, the right way (get ready to read that a lot). Use hand sanitizer when soap and water aren't available, though washing your hands is preferred.What you should stock up on.The CDC recommends keeping enough groceries and toiletries on hand to last you a "prolonged period of time." There's no timeline for the Covid-19 outbreak, though, so think basic.Stock up on toothpaste, detergent, water filters, etc. Make meals and freeze them if you're concerned about food.But stocking up on medication ahead of time isn't always plausible, Perissinotto said. You may be able to switch to a 90-day supply for your prescription. If this isn't possible, the CDC suggests mail ordering medications.How you should alter daily activities.Older adults living in communities where the virus has spread should take extra precautions.Avoid public places where crowds may gather or poorly ventilated buildings where the risk of transmission is higher, the CDC said.Restrict your time in public and limit close contact.Older adults should still exercise and eat right, just as they would at any other time of the year, Sinha said.And again, constant — and proper — handwashing before, during and after a trip into the public is necessary.How you should handle travel.The CDC advises against non-essential plane travel for older adults. Several US airlines have already slashed their flight schedules for the next few months.It's wise to stay off cruise ships for now, too. Cruise passengers are at an increased risk of person-to-person transmission with all the tight quarters, the CDC said, so if you're already made cruise plans, it's best to cancel them.What you need to know about self-isolation. The CDC recommends that high-risk groups in communities with outbreaks stay home as much as possible and that people who believe they're sick isolate themselves.Isolation can be damaging, too, if you cut off contact and are lonely."I don't think the solution of totally being devoid of social contact is the answer," Perissinotto said. "Yes, there is some prudence we need to have in social distancing, but we also have to be careful to not isolate more -- it can be very detrimental."So if you're self-isolating:Don't cut off contact with family or friends.Keep in touch to update them on your condition and curb boredom.And if you do go out, be sure to wash your hands with soap.What your family can do.To help you, your family should think ahead.Perissinotto recommends that family, friends and neighbors of older adults do some inventory in case the older adult needs to isolate at home.Does this person have what they need to spend an extended period of time inside? If not, help them prepare supplies.If their caregiver calls in sick, is there someone who can step in to take care of them? Have a plan in place to make sure they'll get care if they need it.If they have a telemedicine appointment coming up, will they know how to access it? Set up the tech and show them how to use it to speak with their physician.Getting prepared and keeping in touch can help keep families connected if an older member needs to isolate, Perissinotto said.And, of course, sick family members should not visit — stick to a phone or video call. And if a younger, healthy family member has potentially come into contact with a Covid-19 patient, they should self-isolate and avoid seeing older, susceptible family members.What you should consider about nursing homes. It's natural to be fearful for family in nursing homes and long-term care facilities, Sinha said: Older people and people with chronic illnesses, both high-risk groups, are living together in tight quarters.The good news: Most nursing homes and long-term care facilities are prepared for pandemics, Perissonotto said.The CDC provides training for long-term care facilities on how to operate during pandemics. If you're concerned about the safety of your family member or want to learn about the protocol their facility is following, contact staff at the facility.What you should do when visiting loved ones at nursing homes.Under the national emergency declaration, nursing home visits are now restricted with limited exceptions. The new federal guidance also cancels communal meals and group activities.Set up an alternative mode of communication between residents and family to keep up with their health and wellbeing.What to do if you're sick. If you think you have the novel coronavirus: Stay home and call your physician. If they think you should come in for a test, limit your interaction with other people and don't use public transportation. They may provide a face mask for you to wear while in their office.If your doctor is not immediately available: Consider calling a local coronavirus hotline. Some city, county and state health departments have numbers you can call to discuss your symptoms and learn more about the virus's impact on the community. Keep in mind that these hotlines are meant as informational resources, and it's impossible to diagnose Covid-19 without a test.If you're diagnosed with the novel coronavirus and your illness is mild: Your physician may advise that you stay home until you recover. If your symptoms are more severe, you may be hospitalized so physicians can monitor your condition.|1
Anything that isn't urgent should be postponed until a safer time. This would include checkups for healthy children over 2 years (many practices are postponing checkups even for younger children if they are generally healthy). It would also include follow up appointments for anything that can wait, like a follow-up for ADHD in a child that is doing well socially and academically. Your doctor's office can give you guidance about what can wait — and when to reschedule. Many practices are offering phone or telemedicine visits, and it's remarkable how many things can be addressed that way.Some things, though, do require an in-person appointment, including:Illness or injury that could be serious, such as a child with trouble breathing, significant pain, unusual sleepiness, a high fever that won't come down, or a cut that may need stitches or a bone that may be broken. Call your doctor for guidance as to whether you should bring your child to the office or a local emergency room.Children who are receiving ongoing treatments for a serious medical condition such as cancer, kidney disease, or a rheumatologic disease. These might include chemotherapy, infusions of other medications, dialysis, or transfusions. Your doctor will advise you about any changes in treatments or how they are to be given during the pandemic. Do not skip any appointments unless your doctor tells you to do so.Checkups for very young children who need vaccines and to have their growth checked. Check with your doctor regarding their current policies and practices.Checkups and visits for children with certain health conditions. This might include children with breathing problems whose lungs need to be listened to, children who need vaccinations to protect their immune system, children whose blood pressure is too high, children who aren't gaining weight, children who need stitches out or a cast off, or children with abnormal blood tests that need rechecking. If your child is being followed for a medical problem, call your doctor for advice. Together you can figure out when and how your child should be seen.Bottom line: Talk to your doctor. The decision will depend on a combination of factors including your child's condition, how prevalent the virus is in your community, whether you have had any exposures or possible exposures, what safeguards your doctor has put into place, and how you would get to the doctor.|1
With more than 4·2 million people infected and over 288 000 deaths as of May 12, 2020, COVID-19 is threatening the entire world, with dramatic consequences for global health and the economy. After the initial outbreaks in China and Italy, the virus rapidly spread worldwide and today the USA is one of the most affected country, with more than 1·3 million cases.In the absence of effective containment measures, COVID-19 outbreaks are characterised by an overwhelming number of patients requiring hospital admission, which could exceed the capacity even of well organised health-care systems.Current knowledge of the clinical course of severe forms of COVID-19 is mainly based on retrospective analyses of Chinese, Italian, and US case series.These studies show that critically ill patients with COVID-19 are mainly older, mostly men, and have at least one comorbidity (primarily hypertension), and mortality is very high (ranging from 56% to 97%) when invasive mechanical ventilation is required. However, limited data are available on factors independently associated with mortality. In The Lancet, Matthew Cummings and colleagues add to our knowledge by reporting the results of a prospective cohort study describing clinical characteristics, management, and outcomes of 257 critically ill patients (87 [34%] women and 170 [66%] men, median age 62 years) admitted to high-dependency and intensive care units in two hospitals in New York City over a period of 4 weeks. Notably, critically ill patients with COVID-19 represented 22% of all patients admitted. Compared with other reports, in the cohort described by Cummings and colleagues the proportion of patients younger than 50 years of age was relatively high (55 [21%] of 257 patients). This could be explained by the high incidence of obesity, which affected 39 (71%) of those 55 younger patients. Other common comorbidities were hypertension (162 [63%]), diabetes (92 [36%]), chronic cardiovascular disease (49 [19%]), chronic kidney disease (37 [14%]), and chronic pulmonary disease (24 [9%]). 203 (79%) patients required invasive mechanical ventilation, median respiratory system compliance was low (26 mL/cm water), and all patients required a high fraction of inspired oxygen despite having relatively high levels of positive end-expiratory pressure (median 15 cm water). Although obesity might have affected the mechanical properties of the respiratory system, these findings underline that the optimal management of mechanical ventilation in patients with COVID-19 and acute respiratory failure remains poorly understood.The study by Cummings and colleagues10 confirms that COVID-19 is characterised by a high incidence of multiple organ dysfunction, as shown by the proportion of patients requiring vasopressors (170 [66%]) and renal replacement therapy (79 [31%]). Regarding pharmacological treatments, antibacterial agents were administered empirically to nearly all critically ill patients (229 [89%]) and hydroxychloroquine was administered to 185 (72%), while corticosteroids and interleukin-6 (IL-6) receptor antagonists were administered to fewer patients (68 [26%] received corticosteroids and 44 [17%] received IL-6 receptor antagonists). No data are available on the temporal changes of inflammatory markers in patients receiving immunomodulating treatments. Furthermore, no information is provided about strategies of anticoagulant therapies, which are particularly interesting given the high incidence of thromboembolic complications associated with COVID-19.With regards to patient outcome, the study conveys important messages. In particular, it shows that the disease is characterised by a high mortality (101 [39%] after a minimum follow-up of 28 days) and prolonged clinical course, as shown by the high percentage of patients still in the hospital (94 [37%]) at the end of follow-up. The multivariable Cox model analysis showed that history of chronic pulmonary disease had the highest adjusted hazard ratio (aHR) for mortality (aHR 2·94 [95% CI 1·48–5·84]). Other independent predictors of death were history of chronic cardiovascular disease (aHR 1·76 [95% CI 1·08–2·86]), older age (aHR 1·31 [95% CI 1·09–1·57]), higher concentrations of IL-6 (aHR 1·11 [95% CI 1·02–1·20] per decile increase), and higher concentrations of D-dimer per decile increase on admission. There appear to be no differences by sex. The association of mortality with higher concentrations of IL-6 and D-dimer is particularly relevant for two reasons. First, it confirms the key pathogenic role played by the activation of systemic inflammation and endothelial-vascular damage in the development of organ dysfunction. Second, it provides the rationale for the design of clinical trials for measuring the efficacy of treatment with immunomodulating and anticoagulant drugs.The study by Cummings and colleagues shows that clinicians can produce high-quality research even when facing an overwhelming clinical workload. However, despite providing important insights, this work leaves us with some unanswered questions. While waiting for the availability of a COVID-19 vaccine, further studies are required to improve and personalise patient treatment, with particular attention to the role of initial non-invasive respiratory support strategies, timing of intubation, optimal setting of mechanical ventilation, and efficacy and safety of immunomodulating agents and anticoagulation strategies.|1
The Office of the Director of National Intelligence today issued the following Intelligence Community (IC) statement:“The entire Intelligence Community has been consistently providing critical support to U.S. policymakers and those responding to the COVID-19 virus, which originated in China. The Intelligence Community also concurs with the wide scientific consensus that the COVID-19 virus was not manmade or genetically modified.“As we do in all crises, the Community’s experts respond by surging resources and producing critical intelligence on issues vital to U.S. national security. The IC will continue to rigorously examine emerging information and intelligence to determine whether the outbreak began through contact with infected animals or if it was the result of an accident at a laboratory in Wuhan.” |1
Several dogs and cats (domestic cats and a tiger) in contact with infected humans have tested positive for COVID-19. In addition, ferrets appear to be susceptible to the infection. In experimental conditions, both cats and ferrets were able to transmit infection to other animals of the same species, but there is no evidence that these animals can transmit the disease to human and play a role in spreading COVID-19. COVID-19 is mainly spread through droplets produced when an infected person coughs, sneezes, or speaks.It is still recommended that people who are sick with COVID-19 and people who are at risk limit contact with companion and other animals. When handling and caring for animals, basic hygiene measures should always be implemented. This includes hand washing after handling animals, their food, or supplies, as well as avoiding kissing, licking or sharing food.More recommendations are available on the OIE website : https://www.oie.int/en/scientific-expertise/specific-information-and-recommendations/questions-and-answers-on-2019novel-coronavirus/. WHO continues to monitor the latest research on this and other COVID-19 topics and will update as new findings are available|1
GOOD NEWS!!! Wuhan's Corona virus can cure itself * by a bowl of freshly boiled garlic water. The old Chinese doctor proved its effectiveness. Many patients have also proven it to be effective, RECIPE: Take eight (8) chopped garlic cloves, add seven (7) cups of water and bring to a boil. Eat and drink the boiled water from the garlic .Improved and cured overnight ... Please share with all your contacts can help save lives .|0
What are viruses?Viruses are very tiny germs; much smaller than bacteria. They are made up of genetic material with an outside protein exterior. They have some very unique characteristics.They are not able to make protein like some other cells.They are totally dependent on their host for survival.They can only reproduce while inside of a host cell.A strong immune system can keep viruses from multiplying.In a compromised immune system, the virus inserts its genetic material into a cell and begins to produce more virus in the host cell.Each virus has a unique shape, and is attracted to very specific organs in the body, such as the liver, lungs or even our blood.What are the diseases/illnesses that are caused by viruses? There is a long list of diseases caused by viruses including: Some colds Influenza.Chickenpox.HIV.Lyme.Some Pneumonia.Shingles.Rubella.Measles.Hepatitis.Herpes.Polio.Ebola.Small pox.Mumps.Epstein Barr.Treatments for viral diseases.Viruses are very difficult to treat with conventional medical approaches. A few of the more effective treatments include:Small pox – A vaccine has been effective.HIV – A few medications have proven to be effective.Hepatitis C – A few medications have proven to be very effective.Flu vaccine – This year’s version of the flu vaccine (2020) is only 10% effective according to a recent study in the New England Journal of Medcine. This study in Jan/Feb. 2020 suggests that this year’s dominant flu virus is unique and stronger than previous strains.Vaccinations for the flu and measles have not been shown to be consistently effective, but show some promise for the future. These efforts deserve to be continued. However, there are several natural approaches, that deserve to be mentioned, and they are supported by excellent scientific evidence.Animal caused viruses.Some viruses emanate from contact with animals.Virus.Influenza.Rabies.Lassa, leptospirosis, etc.Ebola and Marburg.HIV – 1 and 2.Newcastle disease.West Nile.Lyme disease.Rabies.Yellow fever and dengue fever.Animal cause.Birds, pigs, horses.Bats, dogs, foxes. Rodents.Monkeys.Chimpanzees and monkeys.Poultry.Birds.Tics from deer.Animal bite.Insects – mosquitoes, lice, fleas.Plant spread of viruses.Fruits and vegetables can also become infected with viruses. Norovirus contamination can occur before and after harvest from water runoff containing fecal matter, or when infected human touch the plants. Noroviruses do no grow on the plant like bacteria does. They wait until the infection is passed on to a human, and then it begins to multiply. Commercial harvest is safer before most produce it treated with irradiation.However, when people buy produce at food markets this treatment is not used. A novel method of treatment has been developed by scientists in Quebec, Canada. The combined cranberry juice and citrus extract in a spray for produce such as lettuce and strawberries. Other produce sprays been effectively kill bacteria, but are not as effective on the norovirus. This spray turned out to be very effective. (The study was published online on February 12, 2020 in the Journal of Applied Microbiology).Human spread of viruses.There are a few viruses that are spread by human contact. Human transmission.Skin contact.Respiratory.Fecal-oral.Milk.Sexually.Virus type.HPV (warts).Cold viruses, flu, measles, mumps.Polio, Coxsackie, Hepatitis A. HIV, HTLV-1, CMV.Herpes 1 and 2, HIV, Hepatitis B.Preventing and treating viral disease naturally.There is mounting scientific evidence that a handful of vitamins, minerals and herbs have been shown to be effective in prevention and treatments of many viral influenced illnesses. Below are a few examples of some natural prevention and treatment protocols:Measles – In 2002, a study of children with measles, under the age of two, experienced a reduced risk of overall mortality, and pneumonia specific mortality, after taking 200,000 iu of vitamin A for two days. (Pub Med). HIV – In 2018, a National Institute of Health study found that low vitamin D3 promotes inflammation and de-activation of key immune system elements. Supplementation with vitamin D3 to levels between 50 – 90 mg/mL can help provide excellent protection.Colds and flu – In April of 2012, a study found that low levels of vitamin D3 resulted in an increase in colds, flus and autoimmune diseases. These low levels, under 50 mg/mL, allow for genetic activation of reduced immune function. (Federation of American Scientists for Experimental Biology).TB and Hepatitis C – Vitamin D3 deficiency has now been found to have a strong co-relation to the development of TB, hepatitis C and bacterial vaginosis. (Canadian AIDS Treatment and Information Exchange).Polio – Nearly 50 years ago, Dr. Frederick Klenner cured 60 people with polio by using multi gram doses of vitamin C. He used both intramuscular and intravenous methods over a two-day period. (Journal of Preventive Medicine – 1974). Sepsis – Sepsis is not a virus, but it is a very dangerous infection caused by difficult to treat bacteria. Vitamin C used as an adjunct to anti-bacterial protocols has been shown to be highly effective in reducing the severity and length of the infection. Many lives are being saved in the hospitals using this integrated protocol. (J Crit Care – 2018). Viral pneumonia – When Dr. Andrew Saul became ill with viral pneumonia, his doctor offered no treatment. Dr. Saul knew about the work of Dr. Cathcart, who was using mega doses of intravenous vitamin C (200,000 mg daily). Dr. Saul took 2,000 mg of vitamin C orally every six minutes and experienced dramatic relief within hours. After consuming 100,000 mg, he began to experience a considerable reduction of symptoms. (www.doctoryourself.com and Journal of Orthomolecular Medicine). The special case of the CoronavirusVitamin C – Coronavirus: Exploring Effective Nutritional Treatments, Andrew W. Saul, Orthomolecular News Service; January 30, 2020. This article is based on more than 30 clinical studies confirming the antiviral power of vitamin C against a wide range of flu viruses over several decades. Vitamin C inactivates the virus and strengthens the immune system to continue to suppress the virus. In many cases, oral supplementation up to 10,000 mg daily can create this protection. However, some viruses are stronger and may require larger doses given intravenously (100,000 to 150,000 mg daily). Vitamin C helps the body to make its own antioxidant, glutathione as well assist the body in the production of its own antiviral called interferon. If IV vitamin C is not available there have been cases where some people have gradually increased their oral dose up to 50,000 mg daily before reaching bowel tolerance. Powdered or crystal forms of high quality ascorbic acid can be taken five grams (5,000 mg) at a time, every four hours. Every virus seems to respond to this type of treatment, regardless of the whether it is SARs, Bird flu, Swine flu or the new Coronavirus flu.Vitamin D3 – Vitamin D helps fend off flu, asthma attacks, American Journal of Clinical Nutrition, March 10, 2010. This was a double-blind placebo controlled study where the treatment group consumed 1,200 IU of vitamin D3 during the cold and flu season, while the control group took a placebo. The vitamin D group had a 58% reduced risk of flu. Vitamin D3 is also very effective in the treatment of virus/flu infections:Vitamin D3 helps our body to make an antibiotic protein called cathelicidin, which is known to kill viruses, bacteria, fungi and parasites.Vitamin D deficiency for adults is 42%, but this is incorrect because the standards are too low. Levels of 30-50 ng/ml are said to be adequate, but every scientific study has shown that levels of 50-100 ng/ml are needed for true protection.Diet and sunshine are good sources of vitamin D, but most people need to supplement, especially during flu season. Between 5,000-10,000 IU daily is often recommended in the form of a quality liquid supplement.When you get the flu Dr. John Cannel recommends taking 50,000 IU daily for the first 5 days, and then 5.000-10,000 IU as a maintenance dose. Silver – Silver Kills Viruses, Journal of Nanotechnology, October 18, 2005. This study found that silver nanoparticles kills HIV-1 and virtually any other viruses. The study was jointly conducted by the University of Texas and Mexico University. After incubating HIV-1 virus at 37 C, the silver particles killed 100% of the virus within 3 hours. Silver employs a unique mechanism of action to kill viruses.Silver binds to the membrane of the virus, limiting its oxygen supply and suffocating it.Silver also binds to the DNA of the virus cell, preventing it from multiplying.Silver is also able to prevent the transfer of the virus from one person to another by blocking the ability of the virus to find a host cell to feed on. All viruses need host cells to survive.Colloidal silver can also be used at doses of 10-20 ppm. Nanoparticle sliver is preferred.The best defense against swine flu, bird flu or the new coronavirus may be a few teaspoons of sliver every day. Bacteria and viruses cannot develop a resistance like many other treatments can. Silver disables a vital enzyme and mechanism in pathogens, so they cannot survive.Other evidence-based herbal strategies for the flu.In addition to the previously mentioned vitamin strategies for preventing and treating virus-related illnesses, there are several herbal remedies that are also effective. Here are a few with proven scientific evidence behind them:Elderberry – A study published in the Journal of Alternative and Complementary Medicine found elderberry can be used as a safe and effective treatment for influenza A and B.Calendula – A study by the University of Maryland Medical Center found that ear drops containing calendula can be effective for treating ear infections in children.Astragulus root – Scientific studies have shown that Astragulus has anti-viral properties and stimulates the immune system. One study in the Chinese Medical Sciences Journal concluded that Astragulus is able to inhibit the growth of coxsackie B virus.Licorice root – Licorice is gaining popularity for the prevention and treatment of diseases, such as hepatitis C, HIV and influenza. (The Chinese Journal of Virology published a review of these findings).Olive leaf – Olive leaf has been proven effective in the treatment of cold and flu viruses, meningitis, pneumonia, hepatitis B, malaria, gonorrhea and tuberculosis. One study at the New York University School of Medicine found that olive leaf extracts reversed many HIV-1 infections.These are just some of the many anti-viral agents that should be included in everyone’s home remedy medicine chest. It may also be helpful to know which foods can provide the best anti-vital protection. Certain foods can provide strong anti-viral production. Some of the strongest foods in this category include:Wild blueberries.Sprouts.Cilantro.Coconut oil.Garlic.Ginger.Sweet potatoes.Turmeric.Red clover.Parsley.Kale.Fennel.Pomegranates. Conclusion.It is a generally accepted fact that once a virus is in the body it very seldom leaves. The medications, vitamins and herbs that have been proven to be effective simply suppress the virus and limit its ability to reproduce. A strong immune system is the key to preventing and/or successfully treating any chronic illness. The key elements of this protection program include:Eating a plant-based whole food diet with very limited animal products. Adding daily nutritional supplements such as a multiple vitamin/mineral, 2000 mg of vitamin C with bioflavonoids, maintain vitamin D3 levels of 50-90 ng/mL, 1000-2000 mg of Omega 3 oils, a vitamin B complex and about 400 mg of magnesium depending on your level of exercise.Avoid toxins and use detoxification programs periodically.Regular daily exercise-aerobic, resistance and flexibility.Avoid stress and use yoga and meditation to manage stress.Wash your hands with soap and water after touching areas that have been touched by others.In the home, there is a new product, PureGreen24, that kills Staph, MRSA and most viruses within two minutes. This product has an EPA IV toxicity rating and is safe and effective for hospitals as well as for children and pets at home.Avoid putting your hands to your face.Avoid anyone who is experiencing flu and cold symptoms.At the first signs of any cold or flu symptoms begin a fairly aggressive treatment protocol. The sooner treatment begins the better the chance is that the infection can be stopped and/or controlled.By adhering to this basic anti-viral strategy, it is possible to greatly reduce the risk of these virus-related illnesses, as well as most other illnesses. Conventional medicine offers very little for the prevention or treatment of most viral illnesses. Natural medicine offers considerably more solutions.|0
Much remains uncertain about the new coronavirus. What treatments will prove effective against COVID-19? When will a vaccine for the disease be ready? What level of social distancing will be required to tame the outbreak, and how long will it need to last? Will outbreaks come in waves? Amid all these vital forward-looking questions remains a more retrospective but still important one: Where did SARS-CoV-2, the virus that causes COVID-19,  come from in the first place? Experts seem to agree it wasn’t the product of human engineering. Much research has been focused on the hypothesis that bats passed a virus to some intermediate host—perhaps pangolins, scaly ant-eating mammals—which subsequently passed it to humans. But the pangolin theory has not been conclusively proven. Some experts wonder whether a virus under study at a lab could have been accidentally released, something that’s happened in the past.Among the latest entrants to the debate about the provenance of SARS-CoV-2 are the authors of a March 17 Nature Medicine piece that takes a look at the virus’s characteristics—including the sites on the virus that allow it to bind to human cells. They looked at whether the virus was engineered by humans and present what appears to be convincing evidence it was not. They also considered the possibility that the outbreak could have resulted from an inadvertent lab release of a virus under study but concluded “we do not believe that any type of laboratory-based scenario is plausible.”Not all experts agree.Professor Richard Ebright of Rutgers University’s Waksman Institute of Microbiology, a biosecurity expert who has been speaking out on lab safety since the early 2000s, does agree with the Nature Medicine authors’ argument that the new coronavirus wasn’t purposefully manipulated by humans, calling their arguments on this score strong. Ebright helped The Washington Post debunk a claim that the COVID-19 outbreak can somehow be tied to bioweapons activity, a conspiracy theory that’s been promoted or endorsed by the likes of US Sen. Tom Cotton, Iran’s supreme leader, and others.But Ebright thinks that it is possible the COVID-19 pandemic started as an accidental release from a laboratory such as one of the two in Wuhan that are known to have been studying bat coronaviruses.Except for SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV, two deadly viruses that have caused outbreaks in the past, coronaviruses have been studied at laboratories that are labelled as operating at a moderate biosafety level known as BSL-2, Ebright says. And, he says, bat coronaviruses have been studied at such labs in and around Wuhan, China, where the new coronavirus first emerged. “As a result,” Ebright says, “bat coronaviruses at Wuhan [Center for Disease Control] and Wuhan Institute of Virology routinely were collected and studied at BSL-2, which provides only minimal protections against infection of lab workers.”Higher safety-level labs would be appropriate for a virus with the characteristics of the new coronavirus causing the current pandemic. “Virus collection, culture, isolation, or animal infection at BSL-2 with a virus having the transmission characteristics of the outbreak virus would pose substantial risk of infection of a lab worker, and from the lab worker, the public,” Ebright says.Ebright points out that scientists in Wuhan have collected and publicized a bat coronavirus called RaTG13, one that is  96 percent genetically similar to SARS-CoV-2. The Nature Medicine authors are arguing “against the hypothesis that the published, lab-collected, lab-stored bat coronavirus RaTG13 could be a proximal progenitor of the outbreak virus.” But, Ebright says, the authors relied on assumptions about when the viral ancestor of SARS-CoV-2 jumped to humans; how fast it evolved before that; how fast it evolved as it adapted to humans; and the possibility that that the virus may have mutated in cell cultures or experimental animals inside a lab.The Nature Medicine authors “leave us where we were before: with a basis to rule out [a coronavirus that is] a lab construct, but no basis to rule out a lab accident,” Ebright says.Yanzhong Huang, a senior fellow for Global Health at the Council on Foreign Relations, recently wrote an article for Foreign Affairs that is dismissive of conspiracy theories about the origins of the pandemic but also mentions circumstantial evidence that supports the possibility that a lab release was involved. That evidence includes a study “conducted by the South China University of Technology, [that] concluded that the coronavirus ‘probably’ originated in the Wuhan Center for Disease Control and Prevention,” located just 280 meters from the Hunan Seafood Market often cited as the source of the original outbreak.“The paper was later removed from ResearchGate, a commercial social-networking site for scientists and researchers to share papers,” Huang wrote. “Thus far, no scientists have confirmed or refuted the paper’s findings.”While vaccines, treatments, and social distancing strategies are critical to fighting the COVID-19 pandemic, figuring out where this new coronavirus originated is, too. “It is reasonable to wonder why the origins of the pandemic matter,” the Nature Medicine authors write. “Detailed understanding of how an animal virus jumped species boundaries to infect humans so productively will help in the prevention of future [animal to people transfer] events. For example, if SARS-CoV-2 pre-adapted in another animal species, then there is the risk of future re-emergence events. In contrast, if the adaptive process occurred in humans, then even if repeated zoonotic transfers occur, they are unlikely to take off without the same series of mutations.”Kristian Andersen, the lead author of the Nature Medicine piece, did not respond to a request for comment on the article, and W. Ian Lipkin, another of the authors, declined to answer any questions about it. Thomas Gallagher, a virus expert and professor at Loyola University of Chicago, seconded the authors in dismissing the idea that the pandemic could have lab roots. “The authors of the new letter in Nature Medicine are arguing that the SARS-CoV-2 originated in animals, not in a research laboratory,” Gallagher says. “I agree completely with the authors’ statement.”“Suggesting  that SARS-CoV-2 is a purposely manipulated laboratory virus or a product of an accidental laboratory release would be utterly defenseless, truly unhelpful, and extremely inappropriate,” Gallagher says.Still, lab safety has been a problem in China. “A safety breach at a Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention lab is believed to have caused four suspected SARS cases, including one death, in Beijing in 2004. A similar accident caused 65 lab workers of Lanzhou Veterinary Research Institute to be infected with brucellosis in December 2019,” Huang wrote. “In January 2020, a renowned Chinese scientist, Li Ning, was sentenced to 12 years in prison for selling experimental animals to local markets.And China is hardly the only place to experience such accidents. A USA Today investigation in 2016, for instance, revealed an incident involving cascading equipment failures in a decontamination chamber as US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention researchers tried to leave a biosafety level 4 lab that likely stored samples of the viruses causing Ebola and smallpox. In 2014, the agency revealed that staff had accidently sent live anthrax between laboratories, exposing 84 workers. In an investigation, officials found other mishaps that had occurred in the preceding decade.Whether a lab accident could have led to the COVID-19 outbreak remains unclear, but making that determination is worthwhile, Ebright says: “Understanding the origin of the outbreak is a crucial step to reduce the risk of future outbreaks.”|1
On the evening of Saturday, April 18, 2020, the forty thousandth (40,000) “presumed COVID 19 death,” according to new CDC guidelines occurred.Where death only affects the few, the misinformation, withheld or suppressed data, the lies, the propaganda and censorship are making things worse.Thus, we turn to the format of a loose intelligence briefing as the infectious nature of propaganda has to be resisted and it is so very hard to resist.On the morning of Sunday, April 19, 2020 a propaganda blitzkrieg began, using Trump administration surrogates, claiming the deaths are really “fake people” and “empty hospitals.”We might call this “pandemic denial,” made dangerous as the pandemic, as of mid-late April 2020 is clearly in control and those claiming otherwise are knowingly lying for reasons we will make clear.Major medical centers across the US are at an average of 80% of capacity. Some are higher, much higher. In some areas temporary hospitals are being used but more often non-COVID patients are being “turfed” to rural medical centers where their needs may not be properly addressed.As with any emergency, the first victim is truth. Social media lends itself toward sensationalism and can attract those with victimization fantasies. Thus, only information from known sources is accepted and nothing from mainstream or social media can be trusted.The situation in American hospitals, not all but more than the public would imagine, is grave. Currently, PPE (Personal Protective Equipment) is in good supply with the exception of N95 masks and that situation is rapidly improving.Availability of ventilators in the US is currently very good, thanks to individuals like Elon Musk, the governments of Russia and China and many charitable organizations that have gone to great efforts.By “very good” we are speaking of supplies as predictive modeling indicates. One of the problems, however, is that the predictive models are predicated on assumptions not in evidence and are failing. This critical failure, and the cloak of secrecy around it, has given rise to the lunacy and subterfuge we are seeing in Washington.Part of that failure is at hospital level.To clarify, the issue is getting patents off ventilators. Nearly half of those on ventilators now are at or above 10 days and face a poor outcome. Claims that half may die are low. Most or all will die unless a late stage treatment protocol is developed in time.This is a life and death race and we are losing.Moreover, many patients who are never intubated but stay on cannula for oxygen, as we are told was the case with Boris Johnson, seem to recover then quickly succumb for no apparent reason.Johnson likely received Remdesivir, which has been denied other NHS patients. If so, the political fallout for Johnson, whose policies left the NHS grossly unprepared for the COVID 19 pandemic, will and should be catastrophic.The biggest morbidity factors are the following:Age (60 plus).Obesity. Smoking. Diabetes. Any other cardiopulmonary issues. The glaring question of irregular morbidity figures must be addressed. This is what we have learned:The healthcare systems of Italy and Spain were very much “not as represented.” Claims that the hospitals of Northern Italy, in particular, are among the “best in the world” is patently false. Were it not for Russian and Chinese aid, both Italy and Spain would have collapsed. Standards of care considered “normal” in Britain, France, Belgium, Spain and Italy rate at or below the worst in the US.That said, with massive medical infrastructure, the US was blindsided as well. Twenty percent of COVID 19 victims are healthcare professionals. Past that, vital support personnel for health care are primarily African American or Hispanic.This has given rise to issues of specific genetic vulnerabilities which are likely at this point overemphasized. Households with healthcare and support workers most often have one or more adults working away from home, often in areas of very high exposure.Past this we look at Iran, hard hit early on. If figures are to be believed, Iran peaked on March 29, 2020 and is showing a steady decline in new patients barring a second wave. Iran’s testing program has been more aggressive than most and if these figures are reliable, they offer some hope to nations, unlike the United States, that took the threat seriously.The material offered here is an intelligence briefing on a vital situation. The US government is keeping secret, even from state governors, the real situation with the COVID 19 pandemic, as a first wave, ending many lockdowns, by May 1, 2020 is planned.There is nothing worse than an election year in the United States, nothing worse except, maybe, an election year with a nation fully engaged in not just a pandemic but economic collapse as well.Never has the very real threat of extremism and totalitarianism been this close for the United States. We will be addressing this issue, the failure of governance but also the “elephant in the room,” how the lockdowns themselves are a panacea.Our models are failing, based on mixed data on acquired immunity.  We have had several reports this week that reinfection rates are high, particularly from South Korea.By the first week of February, the US had reached one of two scenarios, that could have only been mitigated by a quick vaccine, not possible, and assumptions on immunity that were not evidence based:Where a 10 lockdown would have applied on February 1, a two-month lockdown from mid-March to mid-May is likely to lead to waves of reinfection, through September.  Lockdown beyond that would do nothing and economic factors dictate opening up, taking the extinction level hit, to an unimaged level.This scenario advocates a May 1 end to lockdown, if continued reliable reinfection reports come in, which is likely to give us a “wash through” lasting until February 2021.Option 2 is most likely and may well be inexorable, a “wash through” combined with waves of reinfection.  New treatment protocols, and there few showing promise, would be the priority.  Generally, Hydroxychloroquine/Chloroquine is facing a dim future.  Side effects are devastating, and effectiveness has, thus far, been in only moderate cases and anecdotal.Convalescent serum is at an experimental stage and weeks from deployment. Initial tests show it to be useful in a percentage of cases with the following caveat, patients thus far either improve quickly or die of a reaction to the serum.This information is being withheld.We have promising antivirals, but these have only been used in non-defining test situations that, out of humanitarian concerns, do not have a double-blind.We are hopeful.Saying we have reached an ‘end of the world as we know it’ has both good and bad connotations.  Large military forces are no longer in the cards for the major powers.  It has been proven how easy it is to take a ship at sea down.There are so many ways to target infections to diminish military capability, there is now a weapon that makes any state a major player again, and the US is entirely to blame with their massive biological weapon research program.  You see, the US allowed the program to filter into the universities for ‘cover” as numerous treaties are being violated.  Every president since and including Clinton has a hand in this.Bush 41 tried to stop this and this and other reasons were why his presidency was ended, a story that will never be told.  Bush learned early about the planning of 9/11 and watched Clinton increasingly lose control of the reins as right wing extremist elements in Washington partnered with rogue elements in the Pentagon, CIA and the criminal elites of the former Soviet Union, soon to make up the core of the Kosher Nostra crime syndicate.Trump’s handling of this issue, if one is to assume his blunder was unintended, is the single biggest failure of governance in American history.While covering his tracks, working with organized crime to foster internal rebellion, wrongly targeting China and continually diminishing the presidency, a wave of damage that may eventually be more costly than the pandemic itself has been fomented.Oil will never be the same.  Fracking will never be profitable, current pipelines and refineries under construction are now useless as are those built in recent years, many at incredible cost to the environment.Russia’s moves into the Arctic are now likely to be curtailed.A good example will be Norway.  Their GDP for the next 48 months, even without a permanent market contraction, will be down by 15% with exports down 40% or a bit more.They will move from a social welfare state with a very high standard of living to a debtor nation in less than 5 years.This is a best-case scenario for the wealthiest of nations.Saudi Arabia is entering uncharted waters.  Clearly, Saudi Arabia and the UAE will end their issues with Iran. From Press TV:“A Saudi whistleblower has said that the number of Saudi royals infected with the coronavirus (COVID-19) has “exceedingly surpassed” figures previously revealed by a New York Times report.The Saudi al-Ahd al-Jadid Twitter account made the revelations on Friday, more than a week after the NYT report said as many as 150 Saudi royals had contracted the virus.The report at the time said that over 500 beds were being prepared at the elite King Faisal Specialist Hospital that treats members of the Saudi family.On Friday, however, al-Ahd al-Jadid, which is known for whistleblowing on high-profile cases within the Saudi court, revealed that the Saudi hospital reserved for the royals in the Red Sea port city of Jeddah had been overwhelmed with coronavirus cases.“The Jeddah specialist hospital, which is reserved for Saudi royals, is no longer capable of accepting new cases,” the Twitter account said.“Therefore, two hotels have been reserved to be fully used for accommodating and curing infected royals,” it added, naming one of the hotels as being the “Movenpick Hotel”.As of 1400 GMT on Friday, more than 7,142 confirmed coronavirus cases were reported in the kingdom, with 87 deaths, according to a Reuters tally.Another Saudi whistleblower, Mujtahid, however, has cast doubt on official figures, arguing that the situation throughout the kingdom is much more critical.The reports of the COVID-19 disease spreading among royals come as the Saudi family is embroiled in a bitter power struggle between Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman and his potential rivals, according to reports.”Nations like Iraq have been, thus far, exceptionally effective in limiting the spread of the pandemic. Their last case was on April 16, 2020 and thus far register only 82 deaths with over 500 active patients.Turkey is reporting a possible downturn, as of April 14, with new cases peaking a few days earlier at around 4500 new cases a day. Turkey, however, has nearly 80,000 active patients and has been accused of significant underreporting.Russia’s COVID 19 surge began in April but cases are a small fraction of what the US is seeing with a mortality rate, based on official reports, half of that in the US.Conclusion. COVID 19, a disease that many experts weren’t expecting for a hundred thousand years, is a highly modified version of the Wuhan Horseshoe Bat Virus. It is not plausible that COVID 19 developed without a gene-splicing laboratory. The odds against such a disease developing naturally are astronomical yet we are continually informed of the opposite.In order to prepare this, front line medical personnel were interviewed, even interrogated to an extent, within parameters of required tenets of patient privacy laws. The truth, the horror of the truth, is worse than the dramatic twitter video. We are asking too much of far too few and this should never be allowed to happen again.We have turned medical personnel/first responders into “cannon fodder.”|0
In an explosive interview Dr. Francis Boyle, who drafted the Biological Weapons Act has given a detailed statement admitting that the 2019 Wuhan Coronavirus is an offensive Biological Warfare Weapon and that the World Health Organization (WHO) already knows about it. EXCLUSIVE: Coronavirus Bioweapon – How China Stole Coronavirus From Canada And Weaponized It (watch here Visualizing The Secret History Of Coronavirus) Watch the exclusive interview of Bioweapons Expert Dr. Francis Boyle on Coronavirus Biological Warfare blocked by the Deep State. Francis Boyle is a professor of international law at the University of Illinois College of Law. He drafted the U.S. domestic implementing legislation for the Biological Weapons Convention, known as the Biological Weapons Anti-Terrorism Act of 1989, that was approved unanimously by both Houses of the U.S. Congress and signed into law by President George H.W. Bush.In an exclusive interview given to Geopolitics and Empire, Dr. Boyle discusses the coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan, China and the Biosafety Level 4 laboratory (BSL-4) from which he believes the infectious disease escaped. He believes the virus is potentially lethal and an offensive biological warfare weapon or dual-use biowarfare weapons agent genetically modified with gain of function properties, which is why the Chinese government originally tried to cover it up and is now taking drastic measures to contain it. The Wuhan BSL-4 lab is also a specially designated World Health Organization (WHO) research lab and Dr. Boyle contends that the WHO knows full well what is occurring.Dr. Boyle also touches upon GreatGameIndia‘s exclusive report Coronavirus Bioweapon – where we reported in detail how Chinese Biowarfare agents working at the Canadian lab in Winnipeg were involved in the smuggling of Coronavirus to Wuhan’s lab from where it is believed to have been leaked.Dr. Boyle’s position is in stark contrast to the mainstream media’s narrative of the virus being originated from the seafood market, which is increasingly being questioned by many experts.Recently, American Senator Tom Cotton of Arkansas also dismantled the mainstream media’s claim on Thursday that pinned the coronavirus outbreak on a market selling dead and live animals.In a video accompanying his post, Cotton explained that the Wuhan wet market (which Cotton incorrectly referred to as a seafood market) has been shown by experts to not be the source of the deadly contagion.Cotton referenced a Lancet study which showed that many of the first cases of the novel coronavirus, including patient zero, had no connection to the wet market — devastatingly undermining mainstream media’s claim.“As one epidemiologist said: ‘That virus went into the seafood market before it came out of the seafood market.’ We still don’t know where it originated,” Cotton said.“I would note that Wuhan also has China’s only bio-safety level four super laboratory that works with the world’s most deadly pathogens to include, yes, coronavirus.”Such concerns have also been raised by J.R. Nyquist, the well known author of the books “Origins of the Fourth World War” and “The Fool and His Enemy,” as well as co-author of “The New Tactics of Global War”. In his insightful article he published secret speechs given to high-level Communist Party cadres by Chinese Defense Minister Gen. Chi Haotian explaining a long-range plan for ensuring a Chinese national renaissance – the catalyst for which would be China’s secret plan to weaponiz viruses.Nyquist gave three different data points for making his case in analyzing Coronavirus. He writes:The third data point worth considering: the journal GreatGameIndia has published a piece titled “Coronavirus Bioweapon – How China Stole Coronavirus From Canada And Weaponized It.”The authors were clever enough to put Khan’s Virology Journal article together with news of a security breach by Chinese nationals at the Canadian (P4) National Microbiology Lab in Winnipeg, where the novel coronavirus was allegedly stored with other lethal organisms. Last May, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police were called in to investigate; by late July the Chinese were kicked out of the facility. The chief Chinese scientist (Dr. Xiangguo Qiu) was allegedly making trips between Winnipeg and Wuhan.Here we have a plausible theory of the NCoV organism’s travels: first discovered in Saudi Arabia, then studied in Canada from whence it was stolen by a Chinese scientist and brought to Wuhan. Like the statement of Taiwan’s intelligence chief in 2008, the GreatGameIndia story has come under intensive attack. Whatever the truth, the fact of proximity and the unlikelihood of mutation must figure into our calculations.It’s highly probable that the 2019-nCoV organism is a weaponized version of the NCoV discovered by Saudi doctors in 2012.Meanwhile, the mainstream media’s narrative still maintains that the origin of the 2019 Coronavirus is the Wuhan Seafood Market. After GreatGameIndia published the story on Coronavirus Bioweapon – not only were our databse tinkered with and our reports blocked by Facebook on the flimsy reason that they could not find GreatGameIndia Facebook page, but the report itself was viciously attacked by Foreign Policy magazine, PolitiFact (known widely as Facebook’s propaganda arm) and BuzzFeedNews.It is not GreatGameIndia alone which is being viciously attacked. Zero Hedge, a popular alternate media blog was suspended by Twitter for publishing a story related to a study by Indian scientists finding 2019 Wuhan Coronavirus to be not naturally evolved, raising the possibility of it being created in a lab. Shockingly, the study itself came under intense online criticism by Social Media experts resulting in the scientists withdrawing the paper.In retaliation India has launched a full-scale investigation against China’s Wuhan Institute of Virology. The Indian government has ordered an inquiry into a study conducted in the Northeastern state of Nagaland (close to China) by researchers from the U.S., China and India on bats and humans carrying antibodies to deadly viruses like Ebola.The study came under the scanner as two of the 12 researchers belonged to the Wuhan Institute of Virology’s Department of Emerging Infectious Diseases, and it was funded by the United States Department of Defense’s Defense Threat Reduction Agency (DTRA).The study, conducted by scientists of the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, the National Centre for Biological Sciences (NCBS), the Wuhan Institute of Virology, the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences in the U.S. and the Duke-National University in Singapore, is now being investigated for how the scientists were allowed to access live samples of bats and bat hunters (humans) without due permissions.The results of the study were published in October last year in the PLOS Neglected Tropical Diseases journal, originally established by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.As the author J.R. Nyquist puts it:We must have an investigation of the outbreak in Wuhan. The Chinese must grant the world total transparency. The truth must come out. If Chinese officials are innocent, they have nothing to hide. If they are guilty, they will refuse to cooperate.The real concern here is whether the rest of the world has the courage to demand a real and thorough investigation. We need to be fearless in this demand and not allow “economic interests” to play a coy and dishonest game of denial. We need an honest inquiry. We need it now.|0
A group of 27 prominent public health scientists from outside China is pushing back against a steady stream of stories and even a scientific paper suggesting a laboratory in Wuhan, China, may be the origin of the outbreak of COVID-19. “The rapid, open, and transparent sharing of data on this outbreak is now being threatened by rumours and misinformation around its origins,” the scientists, from nine countries, write in a statement published online by The Lancet yesterday.The letter does not criticize any specific assertions about the origin of the outbreak, but many posts on social media have singled out the Wuhan Institute of Virology for intense scrutiny because it has a laboratory at the highest security level—biosafety level 4—and its researchers study coronaviruses from bats, including the one that is closest to SARS-CoV-2, the virus that causes COVID-19. Speculations have included the possibility that the virus was bioengineered in the lab or that a lab worker was infected while handling a bat and then transmitted the disease to others outside the lab. Researchers from the institute have insisted there is no link between the outbreak and their laboratory.“We stand together to strongly condemn conspiracy theories suggesting that COVID-19 does not have a natural origin,” says The Lancet statement, which praises the work of Chinese health professionals as “remarkable” and encourages others to sign on as well.U.S. Senator Tom Cotton (R–AR) added fuel to controversial assertions on Fox News earlier this month when he noted that the lab was “a few miles away” from a seafood market that had a large cluster of some of the first cases detected. “We don’t have evidence that this disease originated there but because of China’s duplicity and dishonesty from the beginning, we need to at least ask the question to see what the evidence says,” Cotton said, noting that the Chinese government initially turned down the U.S. government’s offer to send scientists to the country to help clarify questions about the outbreak.The authors of The Lancet statement note that scientists from several countries who have studied SARS-CoV-2 “overwhelmingly conclude that this coronavirus originated in wildlife,” just like many other viruses that have recently emerged in humans. “Conspiracy theories do nothing but create fear, rumours, and prejudice that jeopardise our global collaboration in the fight against this virus,” the statement says.Peter Daszak, president of the EcoHealth Alliance and a cosignatory of the statement, has collaborated with researchers at the Wuhan institute who study bat coronaviruses. “We’re in the midst of the social media misinformation age, and these rumors and conspiracy theories have real consequences, including threats of violence that have occurred to our colleagues in China,” Daszak, a disease ecologist, told ScienceInsider. “We have a choice whether to stand up and support colleagues who are being attacked and threatened daily by conspiracy theorists or to just turn a blind eye. I’m really proud that people from nine countries are able to rapidly come to their defense and show solidarity with people who are, after all, dealing with horrific conditions in an outbreak.”|1
Can I take my kid to the playground or on the subway? Should my child be tested? We asked experts.Schools across the country have closed in response to the new coronavirus and many parents have questions about how to go about their daily lives while managing their children, whose personal boundaries and hygiene levels are not always ideal.Because the situation is evolving rapidly and the virus is new, the advice may continue to change as we learn more. “We’re not seeing much in the way of serious illness among children,” said Dr. Peter J. Hotez, M.D., Ph.D., the dean of the National School of Tropical Medicine at Baylor College of Medicine.On March 18, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention released new preliminary data on the outcomes of the first 4,226 Americans infected with the new coronavirus, finding no fatalities or admissions to intensive care units among those under 19.Researchers from China published a study online in the journal Pediatrics in March, which examined more than 2,000 children under 18 who either had or were suspected of having Covid-19, the disease caused by the new coronavirus. The researchers found that while the majority of children in the study had either no symptoms, mild symptoms or moderate symptoms, nearly 6 percent became more seriously ill — particularly those under 5. However, it’s unclear if the children with more serious symptoms were sick with Covid-19 or with another respiratory virus, said Dr. Sean O’Leary, M.D., an executive member of the American Academy of Pediatrics’ Committee on Infectious Diseases.Still, this study “confirms what we have been suspecting, that it’s almost certainly less severe in children, but it’s not zero,” he said, agreeing that it was prudent for many schools to close. “We’re in the midst of something that no one alive has really experienced before,” he said.With that in mind, here are some answers to common questions.|1
Big Tech doesn’t want this video seen, so be sure to defy Silicon Valley elitists by sharing this link. 5G Launches In Wuhan Weeks Before Coronavirus OutbreakIn this Infowars Special Report, Greg Reese connects the dots between the Wuhan coronavirus outbreak, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, a Netflix docuseries pitching vaccines as a solution to outbreaks, Wuhan’s recent launch of 5G and warnings from experts who say 5G could cause “flu-like symptoms.”Watch as Reese tries to share a link on Facebook of the Chinese government website announcing the launch of 5G and is blocked by a notice claiming the post “goes against Community Standards.”|0
 A Canadian-U.S. study showed that “black people have a stronger immune response to infection than white people, which could explain the low number of new coronavirus cases observed in sub-Saharan Africa compared to the rest of the world|0
Most people who become ill with COVID-19 will be able to recover at home. No specific treatments for COVID-19 exist right now. But some of the same things you do to feel better if you have the flu — getting enough rest, staying well hydrated, and taking medications to relieve fever and aches and pains — also help with COVID-19.In the meantime, scientists are working hard to develop effective treatments. Therapies that are under investigation include drugs that have been used to treat malaria and autoimmune diseases; antiviral drugs that were developed for other viruses, and antibodies from people who have recovered from COVID-19.What is convalescent plasma? How could it help people with COVID-19?When people recover from COVID-19, their blood contains antibodies that their bodies produced to fight the coronavirus and help them get well. Antibodies are found in plasma, a component of blood.Convalescent plasma — literally plasma from recovered patients — has been used for more than 100 years to treat a variety of illnesses from measles to polio, chickenpox, and SARS. In the current situation, antibody-containing plasma from a recovered patient is given by transfusion to a patient who is suffering from COVID-19. The donor antibodies help the patient fight the illness, possibly shortening the length or reducing the severity of the disease.Though convalescent plasma has been used for many years, and with varying success, not much is known about how effective it is for treating COVID-19. There have been reports of success from China, but no randomized, controlled studies (the gold standard for research studies) have been done. Experts also don't yet know the best time during the course of the illness to give plasma.On March 24th, the FDA began allowing convalescent plasma to be used in patients with serious or immediately life-threatening COVID-19 infections. This treatment is still considered experimental.Who can donate plasma for COVID-19?In order to donate plasma, a person must meet several criteria. They have to have tested positive for COVID-19, recovered, have no symptoms for 14 days, currently test negative for COVID-19, and have high enough antibody levels in their plasma. A donor and patient must also have compatible blood types. Once plasma is donated, it is screened for other infectious diseases, such as HIV.Each donor produces enough plasma to treat one to three patients. Donating plasma should not weaken the donor's immune system nor make the donor more susceptible to getting reinfected with the virus.Is there an antiviral treatment for COVID-19?Currently there is no specific antiviral treatment for COVID-19.However, drugs previously developed to treat other viral infections are being tested to see if they might also be effective against the virus that causes COVID-19.Why is it so difficult to develop treatments for viral illnesses?An antiviral drug must be able to target the specific part of a virus's life cycle that is necessary for it to reproduce. In addition, an antiviral drug must be able to kill a virus without killing the human cell it occupies. And viruses are highly adaptive. Because they reproduce so rapidly, they have plenty of opportunity to mutate (change their genetic information) with each new generation, potentially developing resistance to whatever drugs or vaccines we develop.What treatments are available to treat coronavirus?Currently there is no specific antiviral treatment for COVID-19. However, similar to treatment of any viral infection, these measures can help:While you don't need to stay in bed, you should get plenty of rest.Stay well hydrated.To reduce fever and ease aches and pains, take acetaminophen. Be sure to follow directions. If you are taking any combination cold or flu medicine, keep track of all the ingredients and the doses. For acetaminophen, the total daily dose from all products should not exceed 3,000 milligrams.Is it safe to take ibuprofen to treat symptoms of COVID-19?Some French doctors advise against using ibuprofen (Motrin, Advil, many generic versions) for COVID-19 symptoms based on reports of otherwise healthy people with confirmed COVID-19 who were taking an NSAID for symptom relief and developed a severe illness, especially pneumonia. These are only observations and not based on scientific studies.The WHO initially recommended using acetaminophen instead of ibuprofen to help reduce fever and aches and pains related to this coronavirus infection, but now states that either acetaminophen or ibuprofen can be used. Rapid changes in recommendations create uncertainty. Since some doctors remain concerned about NSAIDs, it still seems prudent to choose acetaminophen first, with a total dose not exceeding 3,000 milligrams per day.However, if you suspect or know you have COVID-19 and cannot take acetaminophen, or have taken the maximum dose and still need symptom relief, taking over-the-counter ibuprofen does not need to be specifically avoided.Are chloroquine/hydroxychloroquine and azithromycin safe and effective for treating COVID-19? Early reports from China and France suggested that patients with severe symptoms of COVID-19 improved more quickly when given chloroquine or hydroxychloroquine. Some doctors were using a combination of hydroxychloroquine and azithromycin with some positive effects.Hydroxychloroquine and chloroquine are primarily used to treat malaria and several inflammatory diseases, including lupus and rheumatoid arthritis. Azithromycin is a commonly prescribed antibiotic for strep throat and bacterial pneumonia. Both drugs are inexpensive and readily available.Hydroxychloroquine and chloroquine have been shown to kill the COVID-19 virus in the laboratory dish. The drugs appear to work through two mechanisms. First, they make it harder for the virus to attach itself to the cell, inhibiting the virus from entering the cell and multiplying within it. Second, if the virus does manage to get inside the cell, the drugs kill it before it can multiply.Azithromycin is never used for viral infections. However, this antibiotic does have some anti-inflammatory action. There has been speculation, though never proven, that azithromycin may help to dampen an overactive immune response to the COVID-19 infection.However, the most recent human studies suggest no benefit — and possibly a higher risk of death due to lethal heart rhythm abnormalities — with both hydroxychloroquine and azithromycin used alone. The drugs are especially dangerous when used in combination.Based on these new reports, the FDA now formally recommends against taking chloroquine or hydroxychloroquine for COVID-19 infection unless it is being prescribed in the hospital or as part of a clinical trial. Three days earlier a National Institutes of Health (NIH) panel released a similar strong statement advising against the use of the combination of hydroxychloroquine and azithromycin.Is the antiviral drug remdesivir effective for treating COVID-19? Scientists all over the world are testing whether drugs previously developed to treat other viral infections might also be effective against the new coronavirus that causes COVID-19.One drug that has received a lot of attention is the antiviral drug remdesivir. That's because the coronavirus that causes COVID-19 is similar to the coronaviruses that caused the diseases SARS and MERS — and evidence from laboratory and animal studies suggests that remdesivir may help limit the reproduction and spread of these viruses in the body. In particular, there is a critical part of all three viruses that can be targeted by drugs. That critical part, which makes an important enzyme that the virus needs to reproduce, is virtually identical in all three coronaviruses; drugs like remdesivir that successfully hit that target in the viruses that cause SARS and MERS are likely to work against the COVID-19 virus.Remdesivir was developed to treat several other severe viral diseases, including the disease caused by Ebola virus (not a coronavirus). It works by inhibiting the ability of the coronavirus to reproduce and make copies of itself: if it can't reproduce, it can't make copies that spread and infect other cells and other parts of the body.Remdesivir inhibited the ability of the coronaviruses that cause SARS and MERS to infect cells in a laboratory dish. The drug also was effective in treating these coronaviruses in animals: there was a reduction in the amount of virus in the body, and also an improvement in lung disease caused by the virus.The drug appears to be effective in the laboratory dish, in protecting cells against infection by the COVID virus (as is true of the SARS and MERS coronaviruses), but more studies are underway to confirm that this is true.Remdesivir was used in the first case of COVID-19 that occurred in Washington state, in January 2020. The patient was severely ill, but survived. Of course, experience in one patient does not prove the drug is effective.Two large randomized clinical trials are underway in China. The two trials will enroll over 700 patients, and are likely to definitively answer the question of whether the drug is effective in treating COVID-19. The results of those studies are expected in April or May 2020. Studies also are underway in the United States, including at several Harvard-affiliated hospitals. It is hard to predict when the drug could be approved for use and produced in large amounts, assuming the clinical trials indicate that it is effective and safe.I've heard that high-dose vitamin C is being used to treat patients with COVID-19. Does it work? And should I take vitamin C to prevent infection with the COVID-19 virus?Some critically ill patients with COVID-19 have been treated with high doses of intravenous (IV) vitamin C in the hope that it will hasten recovery. However, there is no clear or convincing scientific evidence that it works for COVID-19 infections, and it is not a standard part of treatment for this new infection. A study is underway in China to determine if this treatment is useful for patients with severe COVID-19; results are expected in the fall.The idea that high-dose IV vitamin C might help in overwhelming infections is not new. A 2017 study found that high-dose IV vitamin C treatment (along with thiamine and corticosteroids) appeared to prevent deaths among people with sepsis, a form of overwhelming infection causing dangerously low blood pressure and organ failure. Another study published last year assessed the effect of high-dose vitamin C infusions among patients with severe infections who had sepsis and acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS), in which the lungs fill with fluid. While the study's main measures of improvement did not improve within the first four days of vitamin C therapy, there was a lower death rate at 28 days among treated patients. Though neither of these studies looked at vitamin C use in patients with COVID-19, the vitamin therapy was specifically given for sepsis and ARDS, and these are the most common conditions leading to intensive care unit admission, ventilator support, or death among those with severe COVID-19 infections.Regarding prevention, there is no evidence that taking vitamin C will help prevent infection with the coronavirus that causes COVID-19. While standard doses of vitamin C are generally harmless, high doses can cause a number of side effects, including nausea, cramps, and an increased risk of kidney stones.What is serologic (antibody) testing for COVID-19? What can it be used for?A serologic test is a blood test that looks for antibodies created by your immune system. There are many reasons you might make antibodies, the most important of which is to help fight infections. The serologic test for COVID-19 specifically looks for antibodies against the COVID-19 virus.Your body takes at least five to 10 days after you have acquired the infection to develop antibodies to this virus. For this reason, serologic tests are not sensitive enough to accurately diagnose an active COVID-19 infection, even in people with symptoms.However, serologic tests can help identify anyone who has recovered from coronavirus. This may include people who were not initially identified as having COVID-19 because they had no symptoms, had mild symptoms, chose not to get tested, had a false-negative test, or could not get tested for any reason. Serologic tests will provide a more accurate picture of how many people have been infected with, and recovered from, coronavirus, as well as the true fatality rate.Serologic tests may also provide information about whether people become immune to coronavirus once they've recovered and, if so, how long that immunity lasts. In time, these tests may be used to determine who can safely go back out into the community.Scientists can also study coronavirus antibodies to learn which parts of the coronavirus the immune system responds to, in turn giving them clues about which part of the virus to target in vaccines they are developing.Serological tests are starting to become available and are being developed by many private companies worldwide. However, the accuracy of these tests needs to be validated before widespread use in the US.|1
Some reports predict that close to half the global population will eventually contract the coronavirus. While aggressive testing to contain the spread of the disease remains a top priority, scientists and researchers believe that an effective treatment can serve as a bridge while experts develop a vaccine.For now, regulators are heavily leaning toward repurposing existing medications, which will both save time and guarantee a steady supply. The Food and Drug Administration is looking into drugs that are normally used to treat other conditions, such as HIV, malaria, Ebola and rheumatoid arthritis, as possible candidates to treat Covid-19.It’s a process that will prove to be “a very, very difficult business,” according to Rena Conti, an associate markets professor at Boston University. “Four out of five drugs fail in developing. And that’s true for cancer and for other types of significant unmet needs that we have now. And that exact same failure rate should be expected in developing a treatment for Covid-19.”Other therapeutic treatments such as convalescent plasma therapy, which uses blood from recovered patients to treat those in critical condition, have recently come into the spotlight after the FDA approved its use on March 24. It’s a treatment that’s been around for over 100 years, most notably to combat other diseases such as the Spanish Flu pandemic of 1918. However, the challenge lies in proving its efficacy and securing enough plasma to treat those who are in need. Scientists remain hopeful, given the number of treatments and drugs that are under consideration. As of April 19, the FDA revealed that 72 treatments are in active trials and 211 treatments are in the planning stages. “I think it is likely that we will be able to identify a therapy that has some success within a period of several months to maybe a year,” said Andrew D. Badley, an infectious disease specialist at the Mayo Clinic.|1
Some people infected with the virus have no symptoms. When the virus does cause symptoms, common ones include fever, dry cough, fatigue, loss of appetite, loss of smell, and body ache. In some people, COVID-19 causes more severe symptoms like high fever, severe cough, and shortness of breath, which often indicates pneumonia.People with COVID-19 are also experiencing neurological symptoms, gastrointestinal (GI) symptoms, or both. These may occur with or without respiratory symptoms.For example, COVID-19 affects brain function in some people. Specific neurological symptoms seen in people with COVID-19 include loss of smell, inability to taste, muscle weakness, tingling or numbness in the hands and feet, dizziness, confusion, delirium, seizures, and stroke.In addition, some people have gastrointestinal (GI) symptoms, such as loss of appetite, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, and abdominal pain or discomfort associated with COVID-19. These symptoms might start before other symptoms such as fever, body ache, and cough. The virus that causes COVID-19 has also been detected in stool, which reinforces the importance of hand washing after every visit to the bathroom and regularly disinfecting bathroom fixtures.|1
A new report, sent to the White House science adviser, says the country should not rely on warm weather to stop contagion.The homebound and virus-wary across the Northern Hemisphere, from President Trump to cooped-up schoolchildren, have clung to the possibility that the coronavirus pandemic will fade in hot weather, as some viral diseases do.But the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering and Medicine, in a public report sent to the White House, has said, in effect: Don’t get your hopes up. After reviewing a variety of research reports, a panel concluded that the studies, of varying quality of evidence, do not offer a basis to believe that summer weather will interfere with the spread of the coronavirus.The pandemic may lessen because of social distancing and other measures, but the evidence so far does not inspire confidence in the benefits of sun and humidity.  The report, sent to Kelvin Droegemeier, director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy at the White House and acting director of the National Science Foundation, was a brief nine-page communication known as a rapid expert consultation.Kristian Andersen, an immunologist at the Scripps Research Translational Institute in California and a member of the Standing Committee on Emerging Infectious Diseases and 21st Century Health Threats at the National Academies, said: “Given current data, we believe that the pandemic likely will not diminish because of summer, and we should be careful not to base policies and strategies around the hope that it will.”“We might very well see a reduction in spread in the beginning of the summer,” he added, “but we have to be careful not to put that down to a changing climate — it is plausible that such a reduction could be due to other measures put in place.”Human behavior will be most important. Dr. David Relman, who studies host-microbe interactions at Stanford, said if a human coughs or sneezes enough virus “close enough to the next susceptible person, then temperature and humidity just won’t matter that much.”The report from the National Academies, independent agencies that advise the government and the public, cited a small number of well-controlled laboratory studies that show that high temperature and humidity can diminish the ability of the novel coronavirus to survive in the environment. But the report noted the studies had limitations that made them less than conclusive.It also noted that although some reports showed pandemic growth rates peaking in colder conditions, those studies were short and limited. A preliminary finding in one such study, by scientists at M.I.T., found fewer cases of Covid-19, the disease caused by the coronavirus, in warmer climates, but arrived at no definitive conclusion.“Specially in the U.S., any effect, even in the summer months, may not be highly visible, so our real chance to stop this virus is indeed through taking quarantine measures,” said Qasim Bukhari, a computational scientist at M.I.T. who is a co-author of the study.The report sent to the White House also struck a cautionary note: “Given that countries currently in ‘summer’ climates, such as Australia and Iran, are experiencing rapid virus spread, a decrease in cases with increases in humidity and temperature elsewhere should not be assumed,” it said.Pandemics do not behave the same way seasonal outbreaks do. For the National Academies’ report, researchers looked at the history of flu pandemics as an example. “There have been 10 influenza pandemics in the past 250-plus years — two started in the Northern Hemisphere winter, three in the spring, two in the summer and three in the fall,” the report said. “All had a peak second wave approximately six months after emergence of the virus in the human population, regardless of when the initial introduction occurred.”On March 16, President Trump said the virus might “wash” through in warmer weather.Dr. Anthony S. Fauci, the nation’s leading expert on infectious diseases, has expressed different opinions about the effect of summer on the virus, some more optimistic than others. In a live-streamed interview on Wednesday, Dr. Howard Bauchner, the editor in chief of The Journal of the American Medical Association, asked him about the fall, which Dr. Fauci said would be very challenging, after a period this summer when “it’s almost certainly going to go down a bit.”On March 26, however, in a conversation on Instagram with Stephen Curry of the Golden State Warriors, Dr. Fauci said that although it wasn’t unreasonable to assume the summer weather could diminish the spread, “you don’t want to count on it.”|1
There are a lot of official news and poor-quality academic articles from end of last Dec show that no evidence about wild animals in Huanan seafood market as intermediate host for 2019 nCoV (which can be explained in a detail way later). Hence, one hypothesis of lab-made 2019 nCoV is recombined with SARS RBD of S protein (to human ACE2 gene), based on ZS bat-CoV (esp. MG772933.1), going through in vitro and in vivo adaptation and amplification in a limited range in the lab, generated an ideal strain (2019 nCoV) with effective RBD, while the other comparable conserved sequence did not change much, or even without any change (E protein). Since stock virus kept in culture media at -80 ℃, slowly thaw it on ice could help the virus released in the environment better.please download PDF to read more details|0
Coronaviruses are a large group of viruses that are known to infect both humans and animals, and in humans cause respiratory illness that range from common colds to much more serious infections. The most well-known case of a coronavirus epidemic was Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (Sars), which, after first being detected in southern China in 2002, went on to affect 26 countries and resulted in more than 8,000 cases and 774 deaths.While the cause of the current outbreak was initially unknown, on January 7 Chinese health authorities identified that it was caused by to a strain of coronavirus that hadn’t been encountered in humans before. Five days later the Chinese government shared the genetic sequence of the virus so that other countries could develop their own diagnostic kits. That virus is now called Sars-CoV-2.Although symptoms of coronaviruses are often mild – the most common symptoms are a fever and dry cough – in some cases they lead to more serious respiratory tract illness including pneumonia and bronchitis. These can be particularly dangerous in older patients, or people who have existing health conditions, and this appears to be the case with Covid-19. A study of 44,415 early Chinese Covid-19 patients found that 81 per cent of people with confirmed infections experienced only mild symptoms. Of the remaining cases, 14 per cent were in a severe condition while five per cent of people were critical cases, suffering from respiratory failure, septic shock or multiple organ failure. In the Chinese study, 2.3 per cent of all confirmed cases died, although the actual death rate is probably much lower as many more people will have been infected with the virus than tested positive.|1
Consider keeping a two-week to 30-day supply of nonperishable food at home. These items can also come in handy in other types of emergencies, such as power outages or snowstorms.canned meats, fruits, vegetables, and soups, frozen fruits, vegetables, and meat, protein or fruit bars, dry cereal, oatmeal, or granola, peanut butter or nuts, pasta, bread, rice, and other grains, canned beans, chicken broth, canned tomatoes, jarred pasta sauce, oil for cooking, flour, sugar, crackers, coffee, tea, shelf-stable milk, canned juices, bottled water, canned or jarred baby food and formula, pet food, household supplies like laundry detergent, dish soap, and household cleaner.|1
Despite the daily updates on number of cases, hospital admissions, and deaths around the world and the increasing number of hospital-based case series, some of the fundamental information about how severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus  (SARS-CoV-2) spreads in the population and who is really at risk of both infection and severe consequences is still missing. In The Lancet Infectious Diseases, Simon de Lusignan and colleagues1 report on the characteristics of the first 3802 people tested for SARS-CoV-2 within the Royal College of General Practitioners (RCGP) sentinel primary care surveillance network. Unlike most previous studies that examined risk factors for poor prognosis, de Lusignan and colleagues1 report characteristics associated with susceptibility to SARS-CoV-2 infection.The RCGP surveillance system, set up in 1957, monitors consultations for communicable diseases using a network of 500 general practitioner practices across England, which are broadly representative of the population. Twice-weekly automatic data downloads provide a real-time warning of impending epidemics. In January, 2020, the network expanded to include the testing for SARS-CoV-2 among individuals presenting with symptoms of influenza or respiratory infection. COVID-19 surveillance data, supplemented with data from contact tracing or routine National Health Service facilities, were linked with electronic health records. Of 3802 tests, 587 (15·4%) were positive for SARS-CoV-2. Prevalence of infection was less than 5% in patients younger than 18 years (23 patients were positive [4·6%] of 499 tested) but almost four times as high in people aged 40 years or older (480 [18·2%] of 2637). After adjustment for other factors, infection risk was higher among men than women (odds ratio [OR] 1·55 [95% CI 1·27–1·89]), in black people than white people (OR 4·75 [2·65–8·51]), and in people with obesity than normal-weight people (1·41 [1·04–1·91]). Infection risk was also higher in those living in more deprived or in urban versus rural locations. Surprisingly, household size did not significantly affect infection risk. Among chronic comorbidities examined, only those with chronic kidney disease had an increased risk of infection, whereas the risk in active smokers was around half that observed in never smokers.Two preprint papers have examined population-level risks. One used UK Biobank data and corroborated the results on age, sex, black race, and obesity as risk factors for severe infection; the other, a study of 17 million patients from UK primary care, showed increased risks of in-hospital COVID-19 mortality with older age, male sex, obesity, greater deprivation, and being part of an ethnic minority. Comorbidities and smoking seemed to play a more important role in poor prognosis in those studies than in developing infection in de Lusignan and colleagues' study.Because there are still few population-level studies, the Article by de Lusignan and colleagues is an important new contribution with high-quality statistical methods that allow quantification of independent risks. However, the data are not fully representative of the general population, excluding those with mild or no symptoms and instead reflecting consultation patterns, with over-representation of women and older people but fewer smokers. Lower thresholds for presentation (eg, among women) could dilute test positivity compared with groups who might present only if they are more severely ill. It is also possible that there are unmeasured confounders—eg, social and workplace exposures, interactions, and behaviours, which might explain increased risk in some groups.Unlike other reports, this study suggests that sex differences in poor outcomes from COVID-19 are at least in part related to differential infection susceptibility. The role of ethnicity in greater susceptibility and poorer prognosis is a growing concern and deserving of further study. It seems that most comorbidities (except chronic kidney disease), although important for predicting prognosis, do not have a major part in susceptibility to infection. Regarding the results on smoking, it is likely that they could reflect consulting patterns and higher rates of non-infectious cough among smokers than non-smokers. Smoking seems important as a risk factor for poor prognosis,4 but studies are conflicting, and the association merits further investigation. The one major modifiable risk factor is obesity, which presents a double problem of increasing susceptibility to infection, as well as the risk of severe consequences.However, what is fundamentally clear is that whatever the specific risk factors, the COVID-19 pandemic exacerbates existing socioeconomic inequalities, and this needs both exploration and mitigation in the coming months and years.As the UK prepares to loosen lockdown measures, knowing who is most at risk of infection is vital. This study highlights the more susceptible subgroups among those with relevant symptoms, although we cannot be sure why they are more susceptible. Population-level studies with testing among random samples of the general population (irrespective of symptoms), as well as accurate antibody tests of past infection, are urgently needed.|1
The US is trying to increase its “biological presence” outside of its territory, including in former Soviet republics. Moscow has information that Washington offered Georgia the opportunity to extend the scope of biological research projects in a US-owned lab in the country, which is called the Lugar laboratory. It is possible the US is researching materials causing dangerous diseases.|0
There is more at stake in our current health crisis than meets the eye. It’s important to look at the nature of the virus, and also our approach to confronting it. Leslie Manookian, the writer and producer of the documentary “The Greater Good” today gives us context to consider related to the coronavirus. She covers a lot of ground in this conversation. She explains why White House Health Advisor Dr. Fauci is in favor of accelerating the development of a vaccine, even though vaccines against respiratory viruses are problematic, and she reveals the role and influence of Bill Gates in renown health institutes and the media. Leslie also emphasizes the importance of understanding and defending our health freedom.Highlights of the conversation include:How there are seven different types of coronavirus—four of which are benign.Why exposure doesn’t always necessarily lead to infectious disease.If 80% of our microbiome is beneficial, it keeps the 20% in check.How in the UK they believe much of the population has already been exposed to the virus.The CDC acknowledged that the virus has been in California as early as December 2019.Problems with the PCR test.Why Fauci and Bill Gates and other authorities aren’t interested in herd immunity, The fallacy of “asymptomatic carriers”. How 99% of the people who get the virus need no medical intervention, How the initial computer model from Neil Ferguson (from the Imperial College in London) indicated that 2.2 million Americans & 500K Britons could die. The tie between that college, Neil Ferguson and Bill Gates.The Gates Foundation donates significant money to NIH, CDC, WHO, GAVI, MIT, Wuhan CDC, Wuhan Lab of virology. Gates’ influence with the media & world-wide on the vaccine front. The reasons a vaccine against the virus may not be the best plan. Vaccine court and federal law recognizes that vaccines injure and kill people – table of compensable events includes: death, arthritis, seizures, brain inflammation, and more. Vaccines for respiratory viruses evoke a heightened immune response. How Paul Offit and other vaccine proponents are warning us to be cautious about developing a vaccine against the coronavirus. The plan in development to microchip people with a digital i.d. – showing vaccination records, medical records, and other infoThe economic fall out of the lockdowns|0
What are the coronavirus symptoms?Coronavirus infects the lungs. The two main symptoms are a fever or a dry cough, which can sometimes lead to breathing problems.The cough to look out for is a new, continuous cough. This means coughing a lot for more than an hour, or having three or more coughing episodes in 24 hours. If you usually have a cough, it may be worse than usual.You have a fever if your temperature is above 37.8C. This can make you feel warm, cold or shivery.A sore throat, headache and diarrhoea have also been reported and a loss of smell and taste may also be a symptom.It takes five days on average to start showing the symptoms, but some people will get them much later. The World Health Organization (WHO) says the incubation period lasts up to 14 days.On 18 April, the US's Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) updated its list of symptoms to look out for, to include:Chills. Repeated shaking with chills. Muscle pain. Headache.Sore throat. New loss of taste or smell. Previously it only detailed a fever, cough and shortness of breath.When do people need to go to hospital?The majority of people with coronavirus will recover after rest and pain relief (such as paracetamol).The main reason people need hospital treatment is difficulty breathing.Doctors may scan the lungs to see how badly they are affected and give support, such as oxygen or ventilation, if needed.However, people should not go to A&E if they are concerned. In the UK, the NHS 111 website will guide you through what to do.If you are so breathless that you are unable to speak more than a few words you will be told to call 999, as this is a medical emergency.If you become so ill that you've stopped doing all of your usual daily activities then it will advise speaking to a nurse by dialling NHS 111.How do ventilators work?What is an intensive care unit?Can I get tested?What happens in intensive care?Intensive care units (ICUs) are specialist wards for people who are very ill.Coronavirus patients will get oxygen support, which can involve using a facemask, or a tube in the nose.The most invasive way - for the most seriously ill patients - is ventilation where air, with increased levels of oxygen, is pushed into the lungs via a tube in the mouth, nose or through a small cut in the throat.What should I do if I have mild symptoms?Patients with mild symptoms should self-isolate at home for at least seven days.People are advised not to ring NHS 111 to report their symptoms unless they are worried. They should also not go to their GP, or A&E.Details for Scotland are to check NHS inform, then ring your GP in office hours, or 111 out-of-hours. In Wales call NHS 111, and in Northern Ireland, call your GP.If you have come into contact with somebody who may be infected, you may be told to self-isolate.The World Health Organization has also issued advice for the public.How deadly is coronavirus?The proportion dying from the disease appears low (between 1% and 2%) - but the figures are unreliable.Coronavirus death rate: What are the chances of dying?Thousands are being treated but may go on to die - so the death rate could be higher. But it may also be lower if lots of mild cases are unreported.A World Health Organization (WHO) examination of data from 56,000 patients suggests:6% become critically ill - lung failure, septic shock, organ failure and risk of death. 14% develop severe symptoms - difficulty breathing and shortness of breath. 80% develop mild symptoms - fever and cough and some may have pneumonia. Older people, and those with pre-existing medical conditions (such as asthma, diabetes, heart disease, high blood pressure), are more likely to become severely ill. Men are at slightly higher risk of dying from the virus than women.Work to develop a vaccine is under way.How do I protect myself?The best thing is regular and thorough hand washing, preferably with soap and water.Coronavirus spreads when an infected person coughs or sneezes small droplets - packed with the virus - into the air. These can be breathed in, or cause an infection if you touch a surface they have landed on, then your eyes, nose or mouth.So, coughing and sneezing into tissues, not touching your face with unwashed hands, and avoiding close contact with infected people are important.People will be most infectious when they have symptoms, but some may spread the virus even before they are sick.Face masks do not provide effective protection, according to medical experts. However, the WHO is re-examining whether the public might benefit from using them.|1
It’s hard to know yet. But the fatality rate may be more than 1 percent, much higher than the seasonal flu.This is one of the most important factors in how damaging the outbreak will be, and one of the least understood.It’s tough to assess the lethality of a new virus. The worst cases are usually detected first, which can skew our understanding of how likely patients are to die. People with mild illness may never visit a doctor, and there may be more cases than China is counting, leading to a lower death rate than initially thought.“It’s easier to miss mild cases that resolve by themselves than it is to miss dead people,” said Dr. Angela Rasmussen, a virologist at Columbia University’s Mailman School of Public Health.But early research indicates the virus may be significantly more deadly than the seasonal flu, which kills roughly one in 1,000 people. An analysis of outcomes for more than 44,000 confirmed patients in China found that roughly one in 50 died. Eighty-one percent of patients infected with the new coronavirus had mild illness, 14 percent had severe illness and 5 percent had critical illness, according to the study.The pathogen is considerably less dangerous than other coronaviruses, such as MERS, which kills about a third of people who become infected, and SARS, which kills about 1 in 10. All of the diseases appear to latch on to proteins on the surface of lung cells, but MERS and SARS seem to be more destructive to lung tissue.Here’s how the new coronavirus compares with other infectious diseases:The chart above uses a logarithmic vertical scale: data near the top is compressed into a smaller space to make the variation between less-deadly diseases easier to see. Diseases near the top of the chart are much deadlier than those in the middle.Older people are much more likely to face serious illness than younger people, the analysis of Chinese patients found. In that study, nearly 15 percent of infected people over 80 died, along with 8 percent of people in their 70s. Very few young children seem to be falling ill, a pattern seen with some other respiratory viruses.Those numbers could be reduced as more cases are discovered. And it is possible that death rates at the center of the outbreak in China, where hospitals were overwhelmed, will end up higher than elsewhere in the world.Pathogens can still be very dangerous even if their fatality rate is low. Even though influenza has a case fatality rate below one per 1,000, roughly 200,000 people end up hospitalized with the virus each year in the United States, and about 35,000 people die.|1
Why does Coronavirus have a patent? Why does any virus have a patent? Why is there a vaccine already being developed? US Patent for Coronavirus Patent.|0
Vitamins C and D are now finally being adopted in the conventional treatment of novel coronavirus, SARS-CoV-2. Vitamin C at extremely high doses acts as an antiviral drug, actually killing viruses. Although vitamin D does not appear to have a direct effect on the virus itself, it does strengthen immune function, thus allowing the host body to combat the virus more effectively.|0
The article containing this claim was published in early February and went viral on Facebook within days, receiving more than 23,000 interactions and 900,000 views. Published by InfoWars, it states that the 2019 novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) is man-made and that this is proven by the presence of a “pShuttle-SN” sequence. Identical or similar claims have been repeated in outlets such as Natural News and The HighWire.The claim is based on another article published on 30 January 2020, authored by James Lyons-Weiler who formerly worked at the University of Pittsburgh as a bioinformatician. Lyons-Weiler claimed that a sequence in 2019-nCoV, which he named INS1378, is similar to a sequence in the pShuttle-SN expression vector. pShuttle-SN was used to produce a protein made by the SARS coronavirus (SARS-CoV), with the aim of generating a potential SARS vaccine[1]. Based on this observation, he posited that 2019-nCoV was a man-made virus that arose as a result of SARS vaccine experiments, leading to the sensational claims by many information outlets.Experts who examined Lyons-Weiler’s hypothesis found it to be scientifically unsound. Aaron Irving, a virologist and senior research fellow at Duke-NUS Medical School, pointed out that the similarity between INS1378 and pShuttle-SN is actually low, with only a 67% match between both DNA sequences, a finding that even Lyons-Weiler acknowledged in his article, but InfoWars and other outlets did not.In fact, conducting a multiple sequence alignment of INS1378 against all sequences in the National Center for Biotechnology Information database demonstrates that INS1378 has much more similarity to bat coronaviruses than pShuttle-SN, which does not even appear in the list, thereby refuting Lyons-Weiler’s suggestion that the “unique sequence” in 2019-nCoV is most strongly related to pShuttle-SN rather than other coronaviruses. [The screenshot below shows the ranking for the first 30 most similar sequences to INS1378.]. Steven Salzburg, a computational biologist and professor at Johns Hopkins School of Medicine, highlighted that “the two aligned sequences are distantly related, but this would argue against [Lyons-Weiler’s] claim. If the insert came from a commercial vector, it would be near-identical.”In short, Lyons-Weiler’s analysis does not support his claim that 2019-nCoV is a laboratory-engineered virus or that the virus is linked to a SARS vaccine. Inaccurate interpretation of his analysis by InfoWars and other outlets have further compounded the scientific errors, resulting in an inaccurate and highly misleading report.The original blog post by James Lyons-Weiler lists 4 options for how 2019-nCoV originated. He rejects options 1 and 2, which state that 2019-nCoV arose naturally, as he is not an expert in virus evolution and so disregards the valid science. Option 3 is kind of crazy and completely irrelevant; SARS and 2019-nCoV are only BSL3 pathogens so it doesn’t even matter if Wuhan has a BSL-4 lab.Lyons-Weiler suggests option 4 to be most likely. Option 4 shows that the “INS1378” insert in 2019-nCoV has homology to pShuttle-SN, a vector used in an attempt to create a SARS vaccine. This is normal and expected, since it is based on SARS-CoV. He even states himself there is “low sequence homology” with only a 67% match (for this insert) at the nucleic acid level (as shown in the screenshots).He also looks at a partial protein sequence from this insert where there is only a “62% identity” to SARS-CoV and a “70% identity” to a bat SARS-like virus. Alex Jones of InfoWars incorrectly interpreted the “92% query cover” as homology when in fact it means only 92% matched (at 62% homology) and 8% of this protein chunk has no match at all.They claim this as a statement from Lyons-Weiler when it is actually their own poor reporting. Indeed, when you perform BLAST on the insert as provided in Lyons-Weiler’s link – and ‘blast’ it against everything in the NCBI database (with dissimilar/low homology options included), the pShuttle-SN result is not even in the top 100 results (limit of BLAST results) due to the really low homology. There is no other mention of any of the other 100 results which include bat SARS-like viruses and SARS itself, all more homologous then the vaccine attempt. This is just another example of poor science and people showing only part of the result, possibly to suit their own agenda.READ MORE. similar claim regarding “HIV insertions” in 2019-nCoV, also found to be inaccurate.|1
Fear is being spread around us by the establishment through the mass media (MSM). Common sense is gone and mass hysteria is the new normal. A virus, COVID-19, is used to control the lives of people, and it's also a tool of suppression against the population.I am not going to claim whether there is a virus or not, whether it’s as dangerous as they say, or where it originated, be it in a laboratory or bio-weapon or a real virus. I only see that it has brought fear and, already in some EU countries, terror among the population.Easter 2020; where EU governments forbid us to see our beloved ones, where EU governments forbid us to travel, where most of us lose their income because they forbid us to work and take our bread without compensation. Where they tell us to wait until there is a vaccination from Bill Gates and his sponsors, the criminal gang of the Rockefellers (sponsors of the John Hopkins University). They are controlling our lives, our children's lives. If there is a virus, we can protect the elderly and sick but not destroy whole nations and people. I laughed about conspiracy thinkers in the past, but a lot of it is now reality and “new normal” as they call it. It’s 1984, and we didn’t do a thing to stop it, maybe it was too overwhelming.EU Statement.The EU is mistreating, according to the law, the elderly and sick. You can't forbid people from seeing their old mothers and fathers, or even holding a funeral for them, that is really criminal. Ursula Von der Leyen, head of the EU, also expects that: "elderly people in care homes cannot be visited as long as there is no vaccine. I know that's difficult, but it's about human lives”, she said. “We have to be disciplined and be very patient". "We will have to live with the virus for months, probably until next year." So many elderly and sick will die without saying goodbye to their beloved ones for almost a year? How cruel. Also, she dictates that we are not allowed to book a trip or holiday, meaning we have to wait for vaccinations and forcibly be vaccinated, also a violation of human rights and freedom. This is especially so when scientists say that younger people are not dying, and weren’t we told ten or twenty years ago that the best way to catch a cold so that we get a better immune system? All of that is thrown out, and according to the EU (German- and French-dominated), our lives will never be the same after COVID-19, how frightening! China is partly back to normal, so why drive people to suicide or hunt them like criminals? Because it’s not about the virus anymore, but about power.The New Normal.Ready for the one and a half meter society? "We will have to look for the new normal in the one and a half meter society," Prime Minister Mark Rutte of the Netherlands, the head of the EU, and Bundespresident Steinmeier of Germany declared, independent from each other, but on the same time on their national TV stations. “We are still in the middle of the corona crisis, although the number of new deaths and registered infections is leveling off”. “We can get a normal summer out of our minds, because measures will remain in force even after April 28", they declared as well, meaning lockdown until at least September, or if and when there is a vaccination. Is this democracy? These are the signs of a totalitarian EU body which wants to control the lives of people from birth to death, where they control even our deaths, without proper funerals and loved ones. These are statements not to be made by so-called “democratic” countries, their rhetoric is an Orwellian message to us, the “free” citizens of Europe.Eurobonds.A solidarity fund to ensure that the poorest countries in the EU, like Italy, Spain and Greece -- the countries who, by the way, have been hit the hardest by the COVID-19 crisis and have their countries full of migrants and migrant workers toiling for the rich German supermarkets --pay low interest on their bonds has been taken off the table. Ironically, the richest countries, the Netherlands and Germany, voted against it, while France is silent on this matter. How dare they speak about solidarity, it’s people who are dying, not the Italian government, the people in the streets of Naples, Sicily, and small towns in southern Italy are not dying from COVID-19 but from hunger and suicide. They ask us, the citizens of the EU, to show solidarity, but we can’t because the EU is not for us since it only show ssolidarity with money for themselves and not for us. We are heading towards the suppression and loss of our freedom, a virus was needed and we gave up all our human rights, but this whole process started already in 2015 during the illegal wars in the Middle East.|0
virus known as COVID-19 originated outside China. It may have originated in the U.S. that COVID-19 may have been brought to China by the U.S. Army |0
A coronavirus-related health advisory graphic issued by the World Health Organization warned against unprotected sex with farm animals.|0
The coronavirus is providing a global rallying cry for conspiracy theorists and far-right extremists on both sides of the Atlantic.People seizing on the pandemic range from white supremacists and anti-vaxxers in the U.S. to fascist and anti-refugee groups across Europe, according to a POLITICO review of thousands social media posts and interviews with misinformation experts tracking their online activities. They also include far-right populists on both continents who had previously tried to coordinate their efforts after the 2016 American presidential election.Not all online groups peddling messages on the pandemic have links to the far right, but those extremists have become especially vocal in using the outbreak to push their political agenda at a time of deepening public uncertainty and economic trauma. They are piggybacking on social media to promote coronavirus-related themes drawn from multiple sources — among them, Russian and Chinese disinformation campaigns, the Trump administration’s musings about the coronavirus’ origins and anti-Muslim themes from India’s nationalist ruling party.“Honestly, it’s a dream come true for any and every hate group, snake oil salesman and everything in between,” said Tijana Cvjetićanin, a fact-checker in the Balkans who has watched ultranationalist groups promoting hate-filled messages on social media about the coronavirus, often against Jewish communities.Civil rights advocates have warned for months that the coronavirus could aid recruiting for the most extreme white-supremacist and neo-Nazi groups — those actively rooting for society’s collapse. Some online researchers say they also worry about the barrage of false messages from extremist groups feeding what the U.N. has dubbed an “infodemic” that makes it hard to separate fact from fiction.Opponents of government lockdown orders have used online platforms to organize protests across the U.S., including rallies where activists displayed guns inside Michigan’s state capitol. In Europe, rumors linking the coronavirus to 5G wireless technology have led to dozens of arson attacks on telecommunications masts — a phenomenon that now appears to have spread to Canada.“It's like hitting conspiracy bingo,” said Graham Brookie, director of the Atlantic Council’s Digital Forensics Research Lab, which is tracking coronavirus misinformation.From 4chan to Facebook.As the world economy craters and the coronavirus’ global death toll ticks past 280,000 people, extremist messages are finding fertile ground on fringe online platforms like 4chan, Telegram and a gamer hangout called Discord. From there, such harmful content can make its way to mainstream sites like Facebook and Google-owned YouTube — each boasting roughly 2 billion users apiece — despite the companies’ attempts to weed out violent or dangerous content.Facebook said last week that one collection of fake accounts and pages it removed in April — tied to two anti-immigrant websites in the U.S. — had drawn more than 200,000 followers with messages including the hashtag “#ChinaVirus” and a false claim that the coronavirus mainly kills white people. Twitter announced Monday that it would begin more aggressively labeling tweets that contain misleading or harmful coronavirus information.But plenty of other fake coronavirus content continues to thrive online. That includes a slickly produced online video, called “Plandemic,” that garnered millions of views across YouTube, Twitter and Facebook over the weekend by promoting bogus medical cures and other conspiracy theories tied to the coronavirus. The video remains in wide circulation.One coronavirus-related term, “Coronachan,” has also exploded on social media, first emerging in January and drawing more than 120,000 shares on Twitter in one week in late April, according to the Institute for Strategic Dialogue, a London-based think tank that tracks extremist groups. (The term is a play on the name of 4chan, a message board that is a favorite gathering spot for the global far right.) In Germany, Telegram groups where influential extremists and far-right activists attack vulnerable groups have doubled their number of followers, to more than 100,000 participants since February, according to a review by POLITICO of those accounts.The themes of far-right posts include long-standing grievances, including allegations that migrants spread disease, support for President Donald Trump’s proposed border wall, antagonism toward the EU or opposition to gun control. One online rumor, accusing Microsoft founder Bill Gates of creating the coronavirus, echoes centuries-old conspiracy theories and Anti-Semitic tropes about global elites pulling the world’s strings.“These aren’t new lines they are spinning,” said Imran Ahmed, chief executive of the Center for Countering Digital Hate. “They will use anything they can, whether it’s coronavirus or something else, to bring people into their radical world.”Public figures helping stoke the fires include French nationalist leader Marine Le Pen, whose Facebook account has more than 1.5 million followers, and Trump, who has defended his use of the term “Chinese virus” and pushed the theory that the disease may have come from a lab in China, despite pushback from his intelligence and defense agencies.Extremist groups on the two continents have tried before to coordinate their messaging, with middling success.After Trump’s surprise victory in 2016, far-right online communities sprouted up across the U.S. and Europe, at first using online platforms like Facebook and Google before shifting their focus to smaller, less-regulated networks to share conspiracy theories or organize protests.Americans like Steve Bannon, Trump’s former White House chief strategist, also tried to export U.S.-style online tactics in hopes of uniting European right-wing groups like Italy’s Northern League party and Le Pen’s National Rally in France, though, as POLITICO reported last year, he struggled to win over movements on the Continent.Now, as the coronavirus gives the far right a new impetus to find audiences, many European activists are wielding the same U.S.-style tactics they have spent years learning to emulate, including the creation of online “meme banks” of photos designed to spread widely. That leaves them less in need of outside help, according to researchers tracking their movements.“Europe’s far-right no longer needs additional resources from its transatlantic supporters,” said Chloe Colliver, who heads the digital research unit at the Institute for Strategic Dialogue.Blaming minorities. It does not take much digging through the online platforms to find far-right messages on the health crisis.In Italy, extremist news outlets have flooded social media with reports blaming that country’s devastating coronavirus outbreak on migrants, including an online attack that singled out a Pakistani employee at a Chinese restaurant in a northern Italian town.In France, activists called for sending non-white populations back to their “home” countries, while Le Pen, the far-right leader, alleged on Facebook that mosques had have “taken advantage of the confinement orders” by blaring “the muezzin's call to Islamic prayer” on loudspeakers.Tommy Robinson, the British anti-immigration activist, has promoted the “#GermJihad” hashtag and reposted online messages from members of India’s ruling nationalist BJP party to his more than 36,000 followers on Telegram, according to the Center for Countering Digital Hate’s review of his posts.Others, on sites like Facebook and Reddit, have alleged that the Chinese created the coronavirus as a bioweapon to attack the U.S. economy, and will reap the windfall if they are not stopped. “China will become even more brazen and take down western economies with more filth in the future,” one Reddit user wrote.Those claims go much further than the recent speculation by Trump and Secretary of State Mike Pompeo that the coronavirus originated in a government lab in Wuhan, China. (The president said this month that he thinks the Chinese “made a horrible mistake and they didn’t want to admit it.”)While some online far-right users have jumped on Trump’s messages, others had already been promoting anti-China rhetoric before senior U.S. politicians began railing on Beijing, according to a review of social media posts from early February.Attacking governments.Extremists are also using the coronavirus to call for resistance against their governments.In Telegram channels with tens of thousands of followers, users mostly in the U.S. urged people to take up arms to protest the lockdowns and protect their civil liberties, sometimes posting photos of themselves dressed in biohazard suits and carrying automatic weapons, according to research from the Institute for Strategic Dialogue.European far-right groups also have called for national governments to reclaim their power from the EU — a message primarily focused on countries like Greece, Spain and Italy where some people remain bitter about how the bloc treated them during the 2008 financial crisis. Those countries similarly have seen a spike in Russian disinformation campaigns, mostly through Kremlin-backed media outlets, aimed at sowing doubt about Europe’s response to the coronavirus, according to a recent review conducted by EU disinformation officials obtained by POLITICO.A far more extreme incident occurred in the U.S. in March, when the FBI shot and killed a Missouri man who agents said had been plotting to blow up a hospital to call attention to his white supremacist beliefs. The man, who had posted anti-Semitic remarks on Telegram hours before being killed, had chosen the target because of "media attention on the health sector" during the pandemic, the bureau said in a statement quoted by NBC News.Misinformation experts at the Oxford Internet Institute documented Facebook groups across 33 states aimed at instigating opposition to quarantine measures that rob people of their freedoms and ability to earn a living, according to Aliaksandr Herasimenka, a postdoctoral researcher. Some had fewer than 10,000 members, while others had grown much larger.“The similarity and design of their Facebook groups suggests that many of these protests across individual states are related to each other,” said Herasimenka. It “might be directed, not necessarily managed, but directed or inspired by some centralized lobby groups that we don't know exactly what they are.”Facebook has removed some of the protests from its network after determining they had violated state orders by encouraging people to take actions that could spread the coronavirus. But the policy hasn’t applied consistently across the social network, and Facebook has been adamant that it is not policing people’s political opinions. The company has often left it to a global network of independent fact-checkers to debunk the worst online offenders or counter misinformation by pointing people to credible sources.Several of the recently created U.S. Facebook groups have been spearheaded by the Dorr family, brothers who manage a series of aggressively U.S. pro-gun organizations, The Washington Post reported last month. One Dorr-connected private group called Wisconsinites Against Excessive Quarantine attracted 118,000 members; its Pennsylvania affiliate counts 89,000, according to a review of these Facebook groups. The Dorrs did not respond to requests for comment through their advocacy organizations.“The audience for this stuff isn't the average American news consumer and I'm not even sure the audience is the average person stuck at home sheltering in place,” said Philip Howard, director of the Oxford Internet Institute. “It’s people who are reluctant to take any advice or instructions from the government at any time, whether it's about guidelines on what kinds of guns you can have or whether it's health-related instructions to stay at home.”'There's only one conversation'. The anti-vaccine movement on both continents has also latched onto the coronavirus pandemic.Media Matters for America, a liberal media watchdog, found posts within U.S. Facebook groups claiming the pandemic is an effort to force people into accepting vaccines and, perhaps, even a surreptitious plot to inject people with microchips. Similar messages appeared in WhatsApp messages shared widely in Italy, which has a long-standing anti-vaxxer community, while groups in France have called for a boycott of any government-backed coronavirus vaccine program.U.S. anti-vaccine groups also organized an anti-lockdown rally this month outside California’s state capitol and have taken part in protests in New York, Colorado and Texas, using their opposition to state-ordered shutdowns as part of a broader message about personal “freedom,” The New York Times reported.Other coronavirus themes emerging online include long-running conspiracy theories blaming the “global elites” for much of the world’s ills, particularly focusing on George Soros, the Hungarian-born billionaire who has long been a target for right-wing and anti-Semitic groups.Since late January, attacks against Soros and his fellow billionaire Gates have shifted to accusing the men of either spreading the coronavirus or capitalizing on it to push a pro-vaccine agenda. Some Facebook users in private online groups seen by POLITICO also questioned whether Gates was also Jewish. Gates, who has made global public health a priority of his philanthropic efforts, has drawn their attention because of a 2015 video in which he discussed the dangers of a future global pandemic.“Diseases have long been used to promote disinformation,” said Ben Nimmo, director of investigations at Graphika, the social media analysis firm, who has tracked the spread of coronavirus extremist content.“But right now, there’s only one conversation that everyone is having, and that’s about the coronavirus,” he added. “The disinformation actors know that as well, and they are trying to take advantage.”|1
As of January 28, up to 20 Chinese cities have been locked down or targeted by partial movement restrictions, with public transport in and out of them closed over the outbreak of the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV). A total of 106 people died of the disease. 976 patients remained in critical conditions. 6,973 people were suspected of being infected, while 4,515 cases were confirmed.Troops clad in hazmat suits, with automatic rifles were deployed, and namely in Wuhan, the capital city of Hubei province. The city that houses approximately 11 million people is the center of the crisis. In total, approximately, 60 million people are under travel restrictions.Additionally, 8 confirmed cases were reported in Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, 7 in Macao Special Administrative Region and 5 in Taiwan.Chinese authorities are urgently building a 1,000-bed emergency field hospital, specifically to cure those infected by the coronavirus.  The hospital is modeled after the Xiaotangshan SARS hospital in Beijing. The facility will be a prefabricated structure on a 270,000-square-foot lot, slated for completion on February 3.The SARS hospital was built from scratch in 2003 in just six days during an outbreak of a similar respiratory virus that had spread from China to more than a dozen countries and killed about 800 people. The SATRS hospital featured individual isolation units that looked like rows of tiny cabins.On January 26, Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention announced that China started to develop vaccine for the novel coronavirus after successfully isolating the first strain of the virus.All people entering and leaving China are having their temperature measured.Coronaviruses are a large family of viruses that can cause respiratory illnesses such as the common cold, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). Most people get infected with coronaviruses at one point in their lives, but symptoms are typically mild to moderate. In some cases, the viruses can cause lower-respiratory tract illnesses such as pneumonia and bronchitis.These are more common in animals, and only a handful are known to affect humans, as is the case now. This is what happened with the coronaviruses known as the Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV, between 2012-17) and the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-Cov, 2002-3), both of which are known to cause more severe symptoms.The 2019-nCoV virus has spread, at a relatively rapid pace. The first case was reported on December 31st, 2019, in Wuhan, China. The first cured individual, named Chen, a 56-year old woman was reported by Chinese authorities, as per Chinese media. She spent 2 weeks in hospital and was fully cured. Since then, the virus has appeared in several other countries, including Thailand, Japan, South Korea, and the United States. The first U.S. case was confirmed on January 21st in a man in Washington state who had recently traveled to Wuhan. On January 24th, officials confirmed a second case in a woman from Chicago who had also recently traveled to the Chinese city. On January 24th, the first three cases were confirmed in France, with two patients being hospitalised in Paris and the other in the southwestern city of Bordeaux. Australia also confirmed its first case of the virus. On January 28th, three suspected cases of the coronavirus were reported in the Indian capital.The World Health Organization (WHO) declared the new coronavirus an “emergency in China,” but not an international concern.According to the Imperial College London‌, self-sustaining human-to-human transmission of the novel coronavirus (2019-nCov) is the only plausible explanation of the scale of the outbreak in Wuhan. The released report estimates that on average, each case infected 2.6 (uncertainty range: 1.5-3.5) other people up to 18th January 2020. For comparison, during the SARS outbreak each case infected from 2.0 to 3.5 other people.“This implies that control measures need to block well over 60% of transmission to be effective in controlling the outbreak. It is likely, based on the experience of SARS and MERS-CoV, that the number of secondary cases caused by a case of 2019-nCoV is highly variable – with many cases causing no secondary infections, and a few causing many. Whether transmission is continuing at the same rate currently depends on the effectiveness of current control measures implemented in China and the extent to which the populations of affected areas have adopted risk-reducing behaviours,” the report reads.So far, the 2019-nCoV mortality rate has been approximately 2.35%. Therefore, the 2019-nCoV speed of spreading, as well as the fatality percentage is in reality lower than SARS, which took place in 2002-3, also in China. In total, there were 8098 confirmed cases of SARS, with a mortality rate of 9.6%. The virus was contacted from bats. The MERS, which spread in the Middle East, between 2012-17, had a confirmed number of 2,000 infected, and a mortality rate of 36%. It was contacted from camels.The Chinese government is taking extraordinary measures to prevent the spread of the 2019-nCoV. Military men in biological protection suits, blocked cities, and hospital construction efforts allow mainstream media outlets to paint an apocalyptic picture of the developments, claiming a pseudo-apocalyptic endemic that would threaten hundreds of thousands, if not millions. Countries such as the UK, the US, and others are carrying out coronavirus tests of various individuals. Mostly of Chinese origin, or those that have recently been to China.One of the speculations is that the 2019-nCoV outbreak is a result of the leak from a secret (not very) laboratory. One of the Chinese BSL-4 rated labs (highest level of biological safety) is located in Wuhan.A laboratory in Wuhan is on the cusp of being cleared to work with the world’s most dangerous pathogens. The move is part of a plan to build between five and seven biosafety level-4 (BSL-4) labs across the Chinese mainland by 2025, and has generated much excitement, as well as some concerns.Some scientists outside China worry about pathogens escaping, and the addition of a biological dimension to geopolitical tensions between China and other nations. But Chinese microbiologists are celebrating their entrance to the elite cadre empowered to wrestle with the world’s greatest biological threats,” The Nature article from February 2017 starts.Regardless facts, speculations of the biolab in Wuhan became pretty popular, claiming that this is, in fact, a real-life Resident Evil scenario, and its infamous Umbrella Corporation, minus people turning into mindless zombies roaming the streets.Another popular culture comparison is that with the popular game Plague Inc., and that as soon as Greenland hears a Chinese man has sneezed at an airport and it’s closed its borders, and that every other country should follow suit.The media hysteria has gone so far that the developer of Plague Inc., Ndemic Creations, issued a statement saying that their game is realistic, but not with the aim to sensationalize serious world issues. It warned that this is, in fact a game, and not a scientific model.Rather dark memes are on the rise, with there even being a specific subreddit focused on coronavirus jokes. Most are harmless jokes, but many of them are tasteless, but they also serve the purpose of presenting China in a light that it is losing grip of the situation.The apocalyptic coverage of the 2019-nCoV outbreak in China demonstrates how mainstream media outlets and social media platforms shape the audience’s perception of reality. While the Chinese government appears to be employing needed measures to contain the outbreak and prevent the virus spread, the MSM uses this measures to feed the audience with speculations that this is a signal of the Chinese inability to keep the situation under control.|0
COVID-19 is a new disease and there is limited information regarding risk factors for severe disease. Based on currently available information and clinical expertise, older adults and people of any age who have serious underlying medical conditions might be at higher risk for severe illness from COVID-19.Based on what we know now, those at high-risk for severe illness from COVID-19 are:People aged 65 years and older. People who live in a nursing home or long-term care facility, People of all ages with underlying medical conditions, particularly if not well controlled, including:People with chronic lung disease or moderate to severe asthma. People who have serious heart conditions. People who are immunocompromised. Many conditions can cause a person to be immunocompromised, including cancer treatment, smoking, bone marrow or organ transplantation, immune deficiencies, poorly controlled HIV or AIDS, and prolonged use of corticosteroids and other immune weakening medications. People with severe obesity (body mass index [BMI] ≥40). People with diabetes.People with chronic kidney disease undergoing dialysis. People with liver disease|1
The virus that causes COVID-19 is thought to spread mainly from person to person, mainly through respiratory droplets produced when an infected person coughs or sneezes. These droplets can land in the mouths or noses of people who are nearby or possibly be inhaled into the lungs. Spread is more likely when people are in close contact with one another (within about 6 feet).COVID-19 seems to be spreading easily and sustainably in the community (“community spread”) in many affected geographic areas. Community spread means people have been infected with the virus in an area, including some who are not sure how or where they became infected.|1
It depends on how sick you get. Those with mild cases appear to recover within one to two weeks. With severe cases, recovery can take six weeks or more. According to the most recent estimates, about 1% of infected persons will succumb to the disease.|1
I live in China. This year, like every other, people with severely compromised immune systems were and are suffering from pneumonia. In early January 2020, in Wuhan, China – a place with dreadful air quality—hospitals started receiving patients.In fact, for most of November, all of December, and most of January, the air quality index (AQI) was so bad that local governments regularly issued standard health warnings due to high levels of particulate matter. (At my school in Shanghai, if the AQI is over 150, children are cannot play outside. This is based on government advisories.) And please be aware, far from hiding the problem, government officials in China at the regional and national level, readily provide daily and historical reports of the air quality index, noting particulate matter (PM2.5) and more. Thus we can track data for Wuhan — and most other large cities and urban areas — for the past six years.Unsurprisingly, those diagnosed with severe forms of COVID-19 are the elderly and immunocompromised. Additionally, people who have a host of pre-existing conditions are at higher risk. (NEJM March 30th, 2020). The Boston-based non-profit, Health Effects Institute, says anywhere from 500,000 to 1,250,000 Chinese die due to air pollution alone each year. (see pages 11-13). But the question this report discusses is, “When people have pneumonia or other respiratory difficulties, what are the best treatment protocols?”Ceep it Cimple Ctupid: Intravenous Vitamin C … Again?All across China, not just in Wuhan, but also in other cities that saw pneumonia cases (and note, Chinese medical teams discuss COVID-19 as pneumonia), people are being cured with vitamin C.I am including the details from a public report written in Chinese and published by a medical team Xibei Hospital, affiliated with Jiao Tong University, in the city of Xi’an, Shaanxi province. (To complete the translation I used a combination of programs and resources:  Google Translate, Pleco, and Baidu Fanyi).Given what the doctors in Xi’an knew of reports from Wuhan (which is 500 miles away from Xi’an, in the neighboring province of Hubei), and from seeing pneumonia patients in early February 2020, a team at the Xibei Hospital, devised a protocol centered on the use of intravenous (IV) vitamin C against the Coronavirus. They first treated patients on February 10th. Critically ill patients received 200 mg of soluble vitamin C per kg body weight, once every 12 hours. After the first two treatments, the patient would get 100 mg/kg, every 24 hours, for the next four days. (Those presenting with moderate symptoms were given 100 mg/kg on day one).Arguably, these doses are too low. Practitioners and researchers like Dr. Suzanne Humphries (2014) and Thomas Levy, J.D., Ph.D. (2017), posit that intravenous infusions of vitamin C should be from 50-100g per day, and can be repeated every 3-7 days.The Xibei Protocol.Using the Xibei protocol, a person weighing 70 kg (154 pounds), would receive a total of 28 grams of vitamin C on the first day. Thereafter, they would receive 7 g per day. The clinical trial in Wuhan gave similar doses. On February 14th, 2020, the university hospital started giving pneumonia patients a non-body weight-dependent dose of 12 g of vitamin C every 12 hours for seven days.Even with their relatively low doses, patients in Xi’an were released after four to eight days of vitamin C. Thus, the protocol, emphasizing the antioxidant, ascorbic acid, has been a clear success.Nevertheless, my question is, Why don’t we hear of anything about intravenous vitamin C as a routine practice in the United States, or even in other developed countries with reported COVID19 cases like Italy, Spain, Germany, France, or Iran?What Does the Research Say about Vitamin C?The teams in China did not choose to administer vitamin C due to mere guesswork. To make the decision, they cited the medical literature and used their knowledge about respiratory diseases and oxidative stress.Dr. Zhi Yong Peng, at the Zhongnan Hospital, at Wuhan University, justified his decision to use vitamin C, noting:For most viral infections, there is a lack of effective antiviral drugs … Vitamin C, ascorbic acid, has antioxidant properties. Clinical studies have shown that vitamin C can effectively prevent [sepsis and related cytokine storms]. In addition, vitamin C can [protect the lungs].Vitamin C can effectively shorten the duration of (or even prevent) the common cold. In a controlled … trial, 85% of 252 students experienced a reduction in [cold] symptoms, [after receiving] high-dose vitamin C group (1g per hour for 6 hours, followed by 1g every 8 hours).Xibei Report on Vitamin C. According to the Xibei Hospital (2020) report:For patients with severe neonatal pneumonia and critically ill patients, vitamin C treatments should be initiated as soon as possible after admission. This is because whether the illness was similiar to infections seen in the past like Keshan disease, SARS, Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS), or the current new [COVID19] pneumonia, the main cause of death of patients is cardiopulmonary failure caused by increased acute oxidative stress. When the virus causes increased oxidative stress in the body and increased capillary permeability, early application of large doses of vitamin C can have a strong antioxidant effect, reduce inflammatory responses, and improve endothelial (heart tissue) function.They add:Numerous studies have shown that treatment with doses of vitamin C promote excellent results. Our past experience in successfully rescuing acute Keshan disease and current studies at home and abroad show that high-dose vitamin C can not only improve viral resistance, but more importantly, can prevent and treat acute lung injury and acute respiratory distress (ARDS).Why not nutrition?Dr. Thomas Levy has written many books and has given many lectures on the benefits of vitamin C for curing disease and body detoxification. Of course, Levy attributes this information great pioneer Frederick Klenner, MD. Klenner used ascorbic acid and developed protocols with intravenous and intramuscular applications of high dose vitamin C. He was published as early as 1949—reporting cures of polio, measles, mumps, chickenpox and more.Because I knew of the benefits of high dose vitamin C in early February, I encouraged four ex-pat doctors, working in Wenzhou, China, to give it to their patients. Wenzhou, a city of over 10 million, was the second Chinese city placed under a complete quarantine. These doctors ridiculed me and scoffed at the idea that nutrition could provide any relief to coronavirus patients. One actually said: “A vaccine is the only solution, as a virus has no effective treatment.” I voiced my objection to that idea, and had plans to use the antiviral drugs — then being touted by the WHO.Again, I insisted that antioxidants could save the sick. To this, the M.D. added: “Nutrition is important, but if nutrition is enough, why do governments make hospitals and medical colleges?”Why, indeed.What about Selenium?When I read the press release and protocol from Jiao Tong University Hospital, I wanted to learn more about Keshan disease. That rabbit hole only introduced me to more evidence that confirmed how nutrition can cure. Below are some excerpts from the Wikipedia entry on Keshan disease:Keshan disease, named after Keshan County of Heilongjiang province in Northeast China, is a congestive cardiomyopathy caused by a combination of dietary deficiency of selenium and the presence of a mutated [sic] strain of Coxsackievirus [sic] … Often fatal, the disease afflicts children and women of child-bearing age. It is characterized by heart failure and pulmonary edema.After reading all the references cited by the Wiki page, I concluded the following about Keshan disease and the state of scientific knowledge. Symptoms of respiratory difficulty and congestive heart disease were found to be prevalent in a wide belt of territory extending from northeast to southwest China (including parts of Shaanxi province. (See Ge and Yang 1979); those areas which are replete with selenium-deficient soils.(b) The research holds that Keshan disease peaked from 1960–1970, when thousands died of the disease. And during that decade, China experienced a man-made famine. Then followed by food shortages, especially in rural parts of China.(c) Intentional dietary supplementation with selenium reduced the incidence and harm of Keshan disease in China. (See Ge and Yang 1979).Keshan Disease.Beck et al. (2003) cited a 1979 report from China. The report declared, unequivocally: “Populations living in areas of China with selenium-rich soils did not develop Keshan disease.”Given their interest, Beck et al. (2003) conducted research into the role of selenium and Keshan disease. They concluded.“[Experiments with mice] suggest that together with the deficiency in selenium, an infection with coxsackievirus was required for the development of Keshan disease.”Please appreciate the idea that viruses cause disease is not universally accepted—and arguably wrong for Keshan disease in particular. Ge and Yang (1979) claimed that Keshan disease was and is not related to any virus. Instead, they note it as seasonal – coming in the winter. Ge and Yang (1979) explored the question of a viral cause for Keshan disease but rejected that hypothesis due to a lack of evidence. Though most medical practitioners insist that viruses cause disease, recall that in 2005, Peter Doshi discovered that despite claims that influenza virus kills thousands of Americans every year, for 2001, America had only 18 confirmed flu deaths.The lack of evidence for a viral infection causing Keshan disease and the failure to find a flu virus in fatalities attributed to a virus should guide our thinking about COVID-19 today. Remember, the Chinese doctors in Xi’an treat pneumonia as pneumonia. And they lump together different viruses (SARS, MERS, etc.), saying that each causes oxidative stress.Oxidative Stress.If disease—all disease—is really about oxidative stress, as Dr. Thomas Levy holds, maybe the type of virus is irrelevant. Keep in mind, even though virologists categorize many types of viruses, there are no true species of viruses (Racaniello 2019, Lecture #1, minutes 56-57).To determine whether selenium deficiency was a specific link to the coxsackievirus, Beck et al. (2003) injected the influenza virus into selenium-deficient mice and mice fed with adequate amounts of selenium. As we should expect, the selenium-deficient mice had more severe pathology, more inflammatory distress, and produced more T-cells, antibodies, and hormones when they developed the respiratory infection.Consider that the viruses associated with pneumonia and other types of respiratory distress are different. In human populations, we generally see respiratory ailments with flu-like symptoms, and/or pneumonia, during the winter months. Additionally, we see respiratory illness in persons depleted of an essential antioxidant, selenium. That is, they are suffering from oxidative stress when exposed to the pathogen.Deficiency in Cuba.Going back to Beck et al. (2003), because their investigation into Keshan disease attributed the ailment to both selenium deficiency and a virus [sic], the team wanted to bolster their thesis with a case study. They provided some discussion about the relationship between said virus and selenium, in another part of the world—Cuba.During a period of severe nutritional deficit in Cuba (1989-1993), doctors found a rash of patients developing optic and peripheral neuropathy (Beck et al. 2003). The Cuban doctors discovered that their sick patients had oxidative stress due to selenium deficiency, and 84% had some mutated form of coxsackievirus. And the outbreaks occurred in the winter months when vitamin D3 blood-levels would be lowest (Beck et al. 2003).Just putting these few sources together, we know that:people get sick in winter. a virus is not essential to the formation of an illness or disease.More significantly, neither specific viruses nor any distinct diseases have a link to selenium deficiency. Selenium is an antioxidant. And when we raise our antioxidant levels and reduce oxidative stress, we can stay infection-free. Ergo, the key to beating or avoiding pneumonia, a cold, the flu, or any respiratory ailment, is to consume adequate amounts of selenium and vitamin C.Other important nutrients to take as supplements are vitamins A, E, and K, B-complex, magnesium, and zinc.Conquer COVID Craziness—and Encourage Others Too. The last time I took a class at a university was spring 2001. Since that time, I’ve been enjoying the benefits of my virtual university—the Internet. Over the last 20 years, I have heard lectures from professors and researchers on radio, podcasts, and YouTube. We now have access to millions of peer-reviewed articles, books, and historical accounts. I studied the best that our information age can offer. I learn from Drs. Viera Scheibner, Gary Null, Sherri Tenpenny, Thomas Levy, Rashid Buttar, Sherry Rogers, Nick Gonzales, Leonard Coldwell, Linus Pauling, Fred Klenner, Toni Bark, William Kelley, and many more.But I have not just absorbed their information, I have used their work as a jumping-off point to do further research … and you can too.The allopaths either do not know or do not care about nutrition (just ask Allan Smith). There is a general awareness of the intellectual laziness of American physicians. I have observed this after interactions with Western-trained doctors from South Africa, India, and the Middle East, the arrogance of their ignorance is endemic.From my survey of the current news, if you are in America or Europe, all you hear is that the best doctors can offer is hydroxychloroquine, antivirals or a future vaccine. But from the research, we can see that, instead of their pharmaceutical drugs (which can mask symptoms, but do not cure), what we all need is selenium-rich food (or whole food supplements) and high doses of vitamin C.Can We Get Back To Normalcy?There will always be people with viruses and respiratory difficulties. They will be suffering from oxidative stress—and that is NOT contagious. The numbers will rise in the winter when there is less sun. Less sun lowers vitamin D3 levels and reduces the absorption of phosphorous. Additionally, people are more likely to eat more starchy foods and get less vitamin C in their diet.This is why we hear of members of Congress, professional athletes in NBA, NHL, and world-class soccer players testing positive for COVID. These people were not in China, not eating bat soup, and not sharing ventilators with older people in Italian ICU wards. They did not contract an exogenous virus—their bodies made the virus due to oxidative stress. In fact, spontaneous endogenous generation of viruses, referred to by some as exosomes, would explain why Beck et al. (2003) discovered mutated and more virulent strains of the coxsackievirus in their selenium-depleted mice. They also discovered these strains in human subjects with low selenium. This also notes why researchers are forever finding new and mutated versions of viruses.Regardless, as Del Bigtree (2020) showed from the European data (minutes 80-90), in the winter of 2018, death rates across Europe were far higher than today—but there was no declaration of an epidemic or pandemic, and there was no global shut down.No Fear of the Unknown. This is not a time to accept economic stagnation and the social dislocation that will accompany it. It is not a time to fear that which you cannot see (a virus)—especially given that no medical doctor has ever proven that said viruses cause illness. (I will present more on the virus theory in future articles).Get your Vitamin C, selenium, and zinc, wash your hands to prevent bacterial infection and tell your friends to do the same.|0
If you have a fever or cough, you might have COVID-19. Most people have mild symptoms and are able to recover at home. Keep track of your symptoms, and get medical attention right away if you experience trouble breathing or another emergency warning sign.Read the CDC’s instructions for what to do if you are sick or caring for someone who is sick.|1
we are seeing how indispensable Schengen is to the European economy and way of life. In the current exceptional situation, many EU Member States introduced temporary border controls to slow the spread of coronavirus, but the Commission is ensuring that EU-wide supply chains continue to operate and that flow of goods and key services continues around the clock. The introduction of ‘green lanes’ will allow all freight vehicles to cross internal Schengen borders within 15 minutes.|1
The coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic is raising levels of anxiety worldwide: both appropriate anxiety in reaction to real dangers and maladaptive panic. Beyond handwashing, a key public health directive is social distancing, which entails avoiding public gatherings and generally keeping physical distance from others. The economy is shutting down, leaving people at home without the structure of their daily work routine. The closing of theatres, museums, restaurants, and bars has disrupted and diminished social life. Rapid shifts in information (and misinformation) about a previously unknown pathogen amplify ongoing uncertainty and anxiety. Social distancing seems to mean increasing social isolation while worrying about a potentially lethal illness. Isolation can easily translate to loss of social support, particularly for individuals who live alone; and loss of social support often compounds symptom severity.The current crisis is transforming both our society and our practice. This situation has large implications for psychotherapy, and perhaps particularly for interpersonal psychotherapy (IPT). Overnight, psychotherapy has changed from in-person treatment to teletherapy, which maintains the therapist–patient alliance despite the emotional and hygienic distancing of a computer or smartphone screen. Teletherapy is functional, but is not exactly like being in the same room with another person. In IPT, we generally aspire to have patients look up from their screens to make eye contact, but now we distance. Now talking heads might be the safest substitute for personal encounters.Whereas other treatments like psychodynamic psychotherapy and cognitive behavioral therapy have intrapsychic targets, IPT focuses on the interpersonal arena. IPT therapists usually encourage patients to interact with others. Social contact is already a challenge for depressed and anxious patients, and it has just become far more complicated. It is not a good time to join a social group or meet new individuals. So how should therapists handle the current crisis? Recent virtual supervisions and treatments have offered the following suggestions.Address reality. The first step is to acknowledge the extraordinary situation. To strengthen the therapeutic alliance, therapists can be clear that we would rather meet in person, but that in this public health emergency that is not a good idea. The therapist might want to privately recognise his or her countertransference, which might well include relief at avoiding infection by maintaining a distance. The message to the patient, however, needs to convey that the therapist will stay in touch and continue working to help the patient get better, the crisis notwithstanding. Indeed, isolated patients need a lifeline now more than ever. Try to maintain a regular schedule, and have the patient find a space where he or she will not be overheard or interrupted. It is important to try to use Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act-approved media to make eye contact through the screen. Give the patient your full empathic attention; do not take notes during sessions. The therapeutic alliance could have particular potency in a time of crisis.Social support. Similarly, the patient's social interaction presents a dilemma. It is important to make the most of social engagement given the limitations of the moment, to maintain social bonds, and to seek interpersonal support even as one must maintain a safe physical distance. Social engagement—attachment—is a basic human need. At a time when developing new relationships might be hard, taking a good interpersonal inventory can identify existing relationships that the patient can use to minimise isolation. The phone, FaceTime, Skype, and the like can help to lessen social isolation and maintain social support. Failing that strategy, more isolated individuals might want to use social media to maintain a sense of connection with others.Because most new therapies require in-person intake visits, a patient you terminate with is unlikely to be able to start new treatment elsewhere. Hence, even if you were planning to terminate a time-limited treatment with a patient, it might be appropriate—depending upon clinical status—to add continuation sessions to a treatment you would normally end, in order to ensure the patient's continuity of care.Every cloud has a silver lining. Objectively, this situation is a terrible moment in world history, and not one to trivialise to patients. From a therapeutic stance, however, bad news can be good news. IPT therapists capitalise on environmental stressors and losses—the death of a significant other (complicated bereavement), a painful interpersonal situation (role dispute), or other major life event (role transition)—as helpful explanations for why patients are feeling the way they do, contextualising those feelings and symptoms in a current personal crisis that the patient can work on and resolve in time-limited treatment.A pandemic can helpfully be reframed as a role transition in which the patient needs to mourn the (hopefully temporary) loss of old roles and to adaptively restructure activities and relationships in the present. Forty years ago, another frightening and initially untreatable virus with very different course, stigma, and social reverberations struck. Because the news was so bad, IPT proved particularly efficacious in treating HIV-related major depression, and might have similar potency today.This setting is a painful but powerful moment for psychotherapy. Patients need therapy more than ever, yet are physically distanced from it. Psychotherapy might be harder in some respects to do at a distance, but teletherapy does work, and the basic principles remain the same. The interpersonal, environmental context can provide a useful frame for treating the problems patients now face.JM reports personal fees from Oxford University Press, American Psychiatric Publication, and Basic Books; and support from a grant from the Bob Woodruff Foundation, outside the submitted work.|1
A pandemic is a global outbreak of disease. Pandemics happen when a new virus emerges to infect people and can spread between people sustainably. Because there is little to no pre-existing immunity against the new virus, it spreads worldwide.The virus that causes COVID-19 is infecting people and spreading easily from person-to-person. On March 11, the COVID-19 outbreak was characterized as a pandemic by the WHOexternal icon.This is the first pandemic known to be caused by a new coronavirus. In the past century, there have been four pandemics caused by the emergence of new influenza viruses. As a result, most research and guidance around pandemics is specific to influenza, but the same premises can be applied to the current COVID-19 pandemic. Pandemics of respiratory disease follow a certain progression outlined in a “Pandemic Intervals Framework.” Pandemics begin with an investigation phase, followed by recognition, initiation, and acceleration phases. The peak of illnesses occurs at the end of the acceleration phase, which is followed by a deceleration phase, during which there is a decrease in illnesses. Different countries can be in different phases of the pandemic at any point in time and different parts of the same country can also be in different phases of a pandemic.|1
Current symptoms reported for patients with COVID-19 are very similar to influenza and have included mild to severe respiratory illness with fever, cough, and difficulty breathing. Read more about COVID-19 symptoms.|1
A vaccine for Covid-19 isn’t around the corner. Bringing vaccines to the market is a notoriously slow process and any potential vaccine will have to pass multiple stages of testing for safety and effectiveness. And once we know a vaccine is safe, we will also need to manufacture it at a scale high enough to use across the world. It’s likely that any vaccine is around 18 months away.That said, there is lots of work being done to develop a vaccine for Covid-19. The pharmaceutical firm Sanofi is trying to build on its already-approved flu vaccine and turn it into something suitable to treat Covid-19. Other approaches – such as one being trialled by the University of Oxford – are focusing on the external spike proteins on the Covid-19 virus as a way to target vaccines.But accelerating these efforts will require funding. The Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations (CEPI) has called for $2 billion in funding to support the development of new coronavirus vaccines.|1
Population reduction is among the goals of the elite within the WEF, the Rockefellers, Rothschilds, Morgens – and a few more. The objective: fewer people (a small elite) can live longer and better with the reduced and limited resources Mother Earth is generously offering.|0
How Vitamin C Reduces Severity and Deaths from Serious Viral Respiratory Diseases. Most deaths from coronavirus are caused by pneumonia. Vitamin C has been known, for over 80 years, to greatly benefit pneumonia patients.In 1936 Gander and Niederberger found that vitamin C lowered fever and reduced pain in pneumonia patients.Also in 1936, Hochwald independently reported similar results. He gave 500 mg of vitamin C every ninety minutes.McCormick gave 1000 mg vitamin C intravenously, followed by 500 mg orally every hour. He repeated the injection at least once. On the fourth day, his patient felt so well that he voluntarily resumed work, with no adverse effects.In 1944 Slotkin and Fletcher reported on the prophylactic and therapeutic value of vitamin C in bronchopneumonia, lung abscess, and purulent bronchitis. "Vitamin C has greatly alleviated this condition and promptly restored normal pulmonary function."Slotkin further reported that "Vitamin C has been used routinely by the general surgeons in the Millard Fillmore Hospital, Buffalo, as a prophylactic against pneumonia, with complete disappearance of this complication."According to the US Centers for Disease Control, there are about 80,000 dead from annual influenzas, escalating to pneumonia, in the USA. Coronavirus is a very serious contagious disease. But contagion to a virus largely depends on the susceptibility of the host. It is well established that low vitamin C levels increase susceptibility to viruses.Vitamin C lowers mortality. It is one thing to be sick from a virus and another thing entirely to die from a viral-instigated disease. It must be emphasized that a mere 200 mg of vitamin C/day resulted in an 80% decrease in deaths among severely ill, hospitalized respiratory disease patients.A single, cheap, big-box discount store vitamin C tablet will provide more than twice the amount used in the study above.And yes, with vitamin C, more is better.Frederick R. Klenner and Robert F. Cathcart successfully treated influenza and pneumonia with very high doses of vitamin C. Klenner published on his results beginning in the 1940s; [8] Cathcart beginning in the 1970s. They used both oral and intravenous administration."Vitamin C is effective in reducing duration of severe pneumonia in children less than five years of age. Oxygen saturation was improved in less than one day."A recent placebo controlled study concluded that "vitamin C should be included in treatment protocol of children with pneumonia so that mortality and morbidity can be reduced." In this study, the majority of the children were infants under one year of age. By body weight, the modest 200 mg dose given, to tiny babies, would actually be the equivalent of 2,000-3,000 mg/day for an adult.Although many will rightly maintain that the dose should be high, even a low supplemental amount of vitamin C saves lives. This is very important for those with low incomes and few treatment options.We're talking about twenty cents' worth of vitamin C a day to save lives now.|0
Companies are launching trials at an unprecedented pace, but some worry about the trade-offs between speed and safety.Ian Haydon, a healthy 29-year-old, reported to a medical clinic in Seattle for a momentous blood draw last week.“Oh yeah,” said the nurse taking his blood. “That is liquid gold.”Haydon is an obscure but important participant in the most consequential race for a vaccine in medical history. In early April, he was among the first people in the United States to receive an experimental vaccine that could help end the coronavirus crisis. He volunteered to be a test subject knowing about the risks and unknowns, but eager to do his part to help end the worst pandemic in a century.Scientists at the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda, Md., will study blood from Haydon and others for signs that the vaccine triggered an immune response to a pathogen they have never encountered. It would be the first, preliminary signal that the vaccine could provide immunity to covid-19, the disease caused by the novel coronavirus, which has claimed more than 200,000 lives worldwide.A coronavirus vaccine has become the light at the end of a very long tunnel, the tool that will bring the virus to heel, allowing people to attend sports events, hug friends, celebrate weddings and grieve at funerals. The goal to deliver a vaccine in 12 to 18 months, often repeated by the nation’s top infectious disease scientist, Anthony S. Fauci, has become the one reassuring refrain during briefings on the crisis. The White House put together a task force called Operation Warp Speed to try to move even faster, making hundreds of millions of doses ready by January.With at least 115 vaccine projects at companies and research labs, the science is hurtling forward so fast and bending so many rules about how the process usually works that even veteran vaccine developers do not know what to expect.Scientific steps that typically take place sequentially over years — animal testing, toxicology studies, laboratory experiments, massive human trials, plans to ramp up production — are now moving in fast-forward and in parallel. Experts keep using the word “unprecedented.”It’s a thrilling time in vaccine science, but also an unnerving one.U.S. regulators are firm in promising they will not sacrifice safety for speed, but some ethicists raise concerns about “pandemic research exceptionalism,” in which the demand to speed a vaccine to market could come at the expense of evidence and fuel the powerful anti-vaccine lobby.“The 26 years it took us to make the rotavirus vaccine is pretty typical. If it’s 12 to 18 months, you’re skipping steps,” said Paul Offit, who developed a vaccine for rotavirus, which causes deadly diarrhea in infants and children. “Is that a little risky? Yes it is, but so is getting infected with the virus.”Science at ‘lightning speed’. On a weekend in early January, scientists at Inovio Pharmaceuticals, a biotech company outside of Philadelphia, began designing a vaccine for a mysterious pneumonia that didn’t even have a name. They, like other teams around the world, used the genetic blueprint of the novel coronavirus, shared online by Chinese scientists, as their guide.It took about three hours to design the vaccine, said Joseph Kim, chief executive of Inovio.Scientists at NIH had been in talks about partnering with a Massachusetts biotechnology company, Moderna, and immediately began designing another vaccine candidate. By the end of the month, it was in production in a factory filled with robots in a suburb south of Boston.With an array of promising vaccine technologies fueled by early scientific openness, dozens of vaccine efforts kicked off blindingly fast in dozens of countries.“Then, the tough work began,” Kim said.Designing a promising vaccine is, in some ways, the easy part. Showing that it is safe and effective and then scaling up production can take years or even decades. Researchers are now trying to compress that timeline in ways they never have before, against a type of virus they have never successfully quelled. In some cases, they are also harnessing technologies that have never been used in approved vaccines. In contrast, scientists develop a new flu vaccine each year, an effort that is more of a “plug and play” situation, where a time-tested basic platform can be redirected to fight new flu strains.“It’s another reason for better preparedness,” said Barney Graham, deputy director of the Vaccine Research Center at NIH, pointing out that his lab had developed a vaccine for MERS, a related coronavirus, but only got it through mouse studies. “If we’d taken at least two to three vaccine concepts through early-phase clinical trials on MERS, we might have a better idea on what to focus on for this SARS coronavirus — so instead of working with 115 different vaccine ideas, we might be working on five.”Scientists at Oxford University have announced the most aggressive timeline, with plans to make their vaccine — which depends on a weakened cold virus that typically infects chimpanzees — available in the fall.Moderna and Inovio are developing vaccines that ferry two types of genetic material into cells to train the immune system to recognize the distinctive “spike” protein on the surface of the coronavirus. A Beijing company is trying an inactivated virus. Giant pharmaceutical companies, flush with government funding, are turning their vaccine platforms toward the coronavirus. Researchers at Texas A&M University are repurposing an existing tuberculosis vaccine to see whether it can prevent deaths or severe illness.To make things more difficult, as the infection spread across the world, scientific teams had to change how they work, practicing social distancing in their labs so the virus doesn’t take out the effort to combat it. That happened at NIH, when one scientist became infected with the coronavirus and two close colleagues on the effort had to quarantine for 14 days.Graham’s Vaccine Research Center is working with only about 10 percent of its staff coming in, and his laboratory — which usually houses 20 people — can have only two at any one time.Meanwhile, the difficult laboratory science, such as animal testing, is in many ways, being leapfrogged or running in tandem with testing in people.“This is unusual,” Kim said. “It’s really moving at lightning speed with the urgency to match it.”Learning as they goMany researchers can describe how vaccines are typically developed. But they can’t say precisely how the coronavirus vaccines will come about. So much will depend not just on the science, but on how the outbreak evolves, how flexible regulators decide to be and what we continue to learn about the virus in real time.Philanthropist Bill Gates argues things can’t really return to normal until the world’s 7 billion people are vaccinated — a daunting scenario that could take years and create a new kind of public strife, as governments and individual people scramble for limited doses. More than one vaccine will probably be needed because the first one may not be as effective as the follow-ups.The front-runner vaccines in the United States have never been made at an industrial scale, and some vaccines require two doses to be given, further complicating any effort to scale up.“We really have never made those kinds of vaccines in large, large quantities. How quickly can that be done?” said Kathryn Edwards, a professor of pediatrics at Vanderbilt University School of Medicine. “We’re not going to be able to say in 18 months that we have enough for all the world’s people to be immunized with two doses.”Typically, human clinical trials occur after extensive animal testing. Then, a small number of human subjects receive the vaccine in a phase 1 trial intended to determine the safety and the right dosage. People are monitored for any side effects, as well as early hints that the vaccine works. After carefully analyzing that data, companies decide to proceed to a larger phase 2 trial in several hundred patients, which looks for signs the vaccine is working. Then, they could proceed to a large phase 3 trial in which people are randomly assigned to receive either the vaccine or a dummy shot — a definitive test of safety and effectiveness, which often takes thousands of patients and several years.Offit, who is helping advise the U.S. vaccine effort, said the “large” trials being considered that he is aware of range from 1,000 to 6,000 people that would probably take place over months. In contrast, when he developed a vaccine against rotavirus, the pivotal trial included 70,000 healthy infants over four years. The human papilloma virus vaccine was tested in 30,000 people.“Those are typical trials,” Offit said. “They tell you, pretty comfortably, that the vaccine is effective — and to some extent, that it doesn’t have an uncommon side effect.”No one is talking about that for the coronavirus.Moderna, the company that manufactures the vaccine Haydon received, plans to start its next larger trial in 500 to 600 people this spring, according to Stéphane Bancel, the chief executive. He said the company began planning the trial nearly a month ago, even though it was still giving shots to the first human subjects.“We said, ‘We cannot wait,’” Bancel said.Instead of holding off until the subjects have signs in their blood that the vaccine works, they are going to proceed to the next trial as soon as it shows safety. Bancel said Moderna hopes to sign a contract soon with a government agency so that they can start manufacturing and stockpiling the vaccine before approval. They could have 100 million doses ready to go on day one, if it is approved in a year.Regulators insist that even under unprecedented urgency, products will be held to a high safety bar.“My motto is a woodworking one: Measure twice, cut once. The only change to that motto is: Measure quickly twice, cut quickly once,” said Peter Marks, the director of the Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research at the Food and Drug Administration.But vaccine experts point out that rare safety problems often can be identified only in very large studies or even through monitoring after a vaccine has been deployed. They are most concerned about the risk that the vaccines could actually make the disease worse in some people, as happened in some animal studies of vaccines for severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS), through a mechanism called antibody dependent enhancement.In 1966, for instance, an experimental vaccine for RSV, a common respiratory virus in children, backfired when some children developed a more severe disease. Scientific debate is still raging about a dengue vaccine used in the Philippines in recent years that increased the risk of hospitalization for dengue in children who had not previously been infected.The public’s health — and the trust in vaccines, considered one of the most successful public health interventions in human history — will be guarded by regulators, experts say, even as the political pressure intensifies to get a vaccine into broad use.“They’re good at holding the line and aren’t going to do anything that’s reckless because if they did it, could jeopardize the whole U.S. vaccine effort, especially with the anti-vaccine lobby,” said Peter Jay Hotez, the dean of the National School of Tropical Medicine at Baylor College of Medicine.Human experimentsOne way to speed up vaccine development is “human challenge” experiments, in which people are intentionally infected with the virus after being vaccinated. While the idea has gained steam among some scientists, people working on vaccine trials said it is an ethically challenging approach they would be uncomfortable with unless an effective treatment is discovered.“Right now, I think it’s a little premature. However, it’s not off the table,” said Wilbur Chen, chief of the adult clinical studies section in the University of Maryland School of Medicine’s Center for Vaccine Development and Global Health. “I think it could be something that could be done; it could help us to really evaluate the efficacy of a vaccine much more quickly.”Volunteers for such a challenge effort have already flooded an online sign-up created by a grass-roots group of researchers. Scientists are hopeful that enthusiasm will fill up all the trials necessary to prove the vaccines work. That will mean people willing to be test subjects for unproven vaccines with thinner-than-usual animal evidence behind them. It will mean people volunteering for trials in which half of them get a placebo. It may mean people weighing a vaccine whose benefits and risks aren’t fully known against the risk of the virus.Haydon, who is due for his second shot of the vaccine next week, said he had never participated in a research study but was eager to assist.“I’m incredibly hopeful we’ll arrive at a vaccine,” he said. “But in order to do that, we need clinical trials — and at some point, for each new vaccine and each new drug, that has to go into someone for the first time.”|1
Caring from a distance can be stressful. Start by talking to your parents about what they would need if they were to get sick. Put together a single list of emergency contacts for their (and your) reference, including doctors, family members, neighbors, and friends. Include contact information for their local public health department.You can also help them to plan ahead. For example, ask your parents to give their neighbors or friends a set of house keys. Have them stock up on prescription and over-the counter medications, health and emergency medical supplies, and nonperishable food and household supplies. Check in regularly by phone, Skype, or however you like to stay in touch.|1
There are so many unknowns about the novel coronavirus that has triggered unprecedented quarantine efforts, dangerous conspiracy theories and global alarm. Much of what we know about coronaviruses comes from the ones that we’ve dealt with before — ranging from deadly global health threats such as severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) to versions that cause the common cold. New information is coming in on a daily basis, but here’s what we know so far about the respiratory virus that has, as of Feb 16, infected more than 69,000 people and killed more than 1,600 people, all but four on the Chinese mainland.How deadly is the new coronavirus?The good news is that public health officials say the new coronavirus is less deadly than SARS, which killed about 10 percent of people who were infected during the outbreak that began in 2002. But an urgent question needs to be answered as soon as possible: How much less deadly is it? About 2 percent of the reported cases as of Feb. 7 have been fatal, but many experts say the death rate could be lower. That’s because early in an outbreak, mild illnesses may not be reported. If only people with severe illness — who are more likely to die — seek care and are confirmed as being sick, the virus will appear much more deadly than it really is, because of all the uncounted people with milder symptoms.“The first question is: What is the true burden of infection? We don’t understand the true burden of mild illness,” said Amesh Adalja, an infectious-disease expert at the Johns Hopkins Center for Health Security. “How much is this spreading in the community, unbeknown to everybody, mixed in with flu and cold?”Early in the outbreak, one expert estimated that although 2,000 cases had been reported, 100,000 were probably already sick.Understanding how deadly the disease is and how many people really have it matters crucially to developing a public health response and preparing hospitals and the health-care system around the world.How easily does it spread?The bad news is that the new coronavirus appears to spread much more easily than SARS and instead is similar to other coronaviruses that cause cold-like symptoms, Adalja said.A virus that can spread fairly easily — and may already be fairly widespread — presents a huge public health challenge.“To complicate things even more, we don’t know which individuals are likely to spread the virus,” said Peter Hotez, dean of the National School of Tropical Medicine at Baylor College of Medicine. “Is it those with more serious respiratory infections or coughing, or are those who have mild symptoms equally likely to be spreading it? I think we don’t know that at this point.”A case report that showed the illness could spread before symptoms occurred turned out to be incorrect, although a top U.S. official has said he still believes it can spread without symptoms, based on discussions with Chinese experts. Figuring out exactly how easily it spreads and who is infectious will be necessary for designing public health measures that are more likely to work.“In SARS, which is often cited as the other example, it seemed people were quite sick before they started transmitting, and that’s why, in my view, SARS was ultimately controlled,” said Marc Lipsitch, an epidemiologist at the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health. “You really could isolate the discernibly sick people.”Who is most at risk of severe illness?So far, the risk factors for developing severe illness are thought to be similar to those for other respiratory illnesses. Older people and those with underlying illnesses, such as diabetes or high blood pressure, are at increased risk. Early studies have also suggested men are at greater risk.But there can be tremendous individual variation in how people respond — as with other diseases. For example, most 17-year-olds will get better from the flu after a miserable week or two. But occasionally, a healthy 17-year-old will die. Some people with a strep infection will develop a sore throat, but an unlucky few will develop a flesh-eating infection that can kill them. The same thing will happen with this virus — there will be people with known risk factors who recover, as well as people who develop severe cases for reasons we don’t understand.“It may be a very specific thing about the way your immune system interacts with a particular pathogen,” said Allison McGeer, an infectious-disease epidemiologist at the University of Toronto. “It may also be just about exactly what your exposure is, something specific to what happened to you on that day, with that pathogen.”Figuring out who is most vulnerable will be essential to designing preventive measures, such as prioritizing who gets a vaccine if one is developed.What happens next?An optimistic scenario is that the virus is contained in China and there isn’t any significant person-to-person transmission in other countries. This is looking increasingly unlikely to some experts.“Many of the drastic actions in China — going door-to-door [doing temperature checks], quarantine of 50 million people, draconian measures that seem to be out of a Hollywood movie — they are premised on the fact that this is still containable,” Adalja said. “The evidence points to the fact that it is not containable.”If the virus takes hold outside China, the biggest threat is not thought to be to countries such as the United States or others with well-resourced health-care systems.“The numbers will go up in the U.K., U.S., Western Europe, but there seems to be enough warning in advance to potentially halt this epidemic in the U.S. and in Europe. Numbers will go up, but it shouldn’t look anything near like what we’re seeing in China,” Hotez said. “I can’t guarantee that, but the countries I’m more worried about are where there’s a lot of transportation back and forth with China and depleted health systems.”How do you treat this coronavirus illness?There is no specific antiviral treatment recommended for this infection. People who have gotten sick should receive supportive care to help relieve symptoms.World Health Organization (WHO) expert Mike Ryan said he expected “that recovered patients would be protected from a further infection,” but that it remained unclear how long the immunity would last and if it would apply to other coronaviruses as well.How do you protect yourself from getting infected?There is currently no vaccine to prevent infection. The best way to protect yourself is to use the same common-sense actions experts recommend for preventing the spread of other respiratory viruses, such as flu and cold. Stay away from people who are sick. Wash your hands often with soap and water for at least 20 seconds, especially after going to the bathroom, before eating and after blowing your nose, coughing or sneezing.If you don’t have access to soap and water, use an alcohol-based hand sanitizer with at least 60 percent alcohol. Avoid touching your eyes, nose and mouth with unwashed hands.Stay home when you are sick. Cover your cough or sneeze with a tissue and throw the tissue in the trash. Or sneeze like a vampire, into your elbow rather than your hand.Clean and disinfect frequently touched objects and surfaces using a regular household cleaning spray or wipe.Why are there two new names for the coronavirus epidemic?There are two new names associated with the unfolding epidemic: The “novel coronavirus” has been designated “severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2,” or more simply “SARS-CoV-2.” The disease it causes is “covid-19.”The name of the disease was announced by the director general of the World Health Organization on Feb. 11. The naming of the virus came from a committee of experts who published a paper on a biology preprint site that described their research and rationale for giving the new virus a derivative name.“It will be like HIV and AIDS — different names for virus and disease,” said Benjamin Neuman, a virologist at Texas A&M University at Texarkana and a co-author of the paper.The naming of the virus came after close study of its genetic makeup by a dozen scientists, including Neuman, who form the Coronavirus Study Group, part of the International Committee on Taxonomy of Viruses.Neuman said the new virus is the same species as the virus that caused the outbreak of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) in China in 2002-2003.“Same species, but different member of the species,” Neuman said.WHO Director General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus explained some of the process behind the illness’ naming.“We had to find a name that did not refer to a geographical location, an animal, an individual or group of people, and which is also pronounceable and related to the disease,” he said, citing WHO guidelines adopted in 2015.Covid-19 is a combination of coronavirus, disease and the year the pathogen was first identified, the WHO explained. The name also allows for future coronavirus diseases to be named following this formula, with the year of any new outbreak replacing 19.Why did China revise its numbers for Hubei province?On Feb. 13, China’s National Health Commission revised its case numbers for Hubei province, the center of the outbreak, far higher to reflect coronavirus diagnoses made by doctors’ clinical assessments rather than the results of nucleic acid testing kits.Chinese experts have argued that the testing kits, which sample mucus swabbed from the upper respiratory tract, are both inaccurate and lacking in supply, and therefore do not reflect the true number of infections and deaths from the coronavirus.Commission spokesman Mi Feng Mi told reporters that Hubei province changed its diagnosis criteria from every other region so that its patients could receive the appropriate care sooner and more efficiently. So far, jurisdictions beyond Hubei have not switched to the different diagnosis guidelines.Isaac Bogoch, an infectious disease specialist at Toronto General Hospital, cautioned that the uptick is probably a reflection of what many public health experts knew all along — that China’s initial data vastly underestimated the breadth of the outbreak from the beginning.“People who have been following this closely knew that this was much bigger than the reported numbers,” Bogoch said. “We knew we were dealing with a health-care system that was exceeding its capacity, and I don’t think this comes to anyone’s surprise.”China’s health system is overburdened. Patients are seeking treatment wherever they can find a bed — which sometimes means in makeshift clinics in converted gymnasiums and conference centers.“One of the problems with using lab-confirmed cases to monitor the spread of [an] epidemic is if there’s a ceiling in the number of tests that can be processed,” said Benjamin Cowling of the School of Public Health at Hong Kong University. “We’ve always known there were more coronavirus infections than the confirmed number of cases. It’s a very sensible move.”Mike Ryan, executive director of the WHO’s Health Emergencies Program, said the spike in cases “does not represent a significant change in the trajectory of the outbreak,” though he cautioned that they still don’t know “how big that iceberg is.”What do reports of a patient being ‘cured’ mean?There are two kinds of “cured” in an infectious disease context, said Bruce Ribner, a professor at the Emory University School of Medicine.There’s being “clinically cured,” he said, when someone starts feeling better and stops showing symptoms such as fever and coughing. Then there’s being “pathogen cured,” when doctors determine that the virus is indeed no longer in the body and therefore the patient can’t transmit the disease.The former is clear to a patient. The latter, “we don’t yet have a good handle on what it takes,” said Ribner.Scientists are busy trying to find out as much as they can about the coronavirus, including how long the transmission period lasts. As part of that process, they’ll also learn more about how to define “cured” in both senses.There still remains no antiviral available to treat the novel coronavirus. But Todd Ellerin, director of infectious diseases at South Shore Health in Massachusetts, said that, as with the influenza, “most patients are cured of this on their own” just by their immune system fighting back against the invading virus. For others, especially older people and those with preexisting illness, the novel coronavirus infection can be far more severe and deadly.Lauren Sauer, an assistant professor of emergency medicine at Johns Hopkins University, said that people with the virus should expect long hospital stays.“We don’t have a definition of what cured is,” she said. “We don’t really have a good understanding of what [definition] people are using globally.”In Hubei province, Sauer said, authorities “are being overly cautious” given the uncertainty over how long someone remains contagious. There, she said, a patient is considered cured when they haven’t had a fever for three days and have tested negative twice on a PCR test, which looks for the virus in the body.When will it end?This coronavirus could follow a seasonal pattern, peaking in the winter months. It could infect lots of people now and then begin to recede in the Northern Hemisphere before returning in the fall. It could take hold in the Southern Hemisphere.“This virus can do anything it wants,” McGeer said. “That pattern of how it’s going to spread is completely unknown, but it is critical to what the burden is going to be to all of us. … It could be just like another coronavirus, a bunch of colds. It could be like a regular flu season. It’s possible it could be different and worse.”|1
It is clear now that the so-called experts at the IHME and CDC utterly failed in their ever-changing models and predictions on the coronavirus.In fact, they were off by a month on the first COVID-19 deaths in the US and OFF BY MILLIONS in their models that explain the breadth of the disease in the US.This impacted their decisions on how to confront the coronavirus pandemic in the United States.The current draconian measures to battle this flu-like virus were pushed by Dr. Fauci and Dr. Deborah Birx when they marched into the Oval Office and warned President Trump that he must lock down the economy for weeks to confront this invisible monster… And they did this based on wildly inaccurate models and predictions!Fauci and Birx told President Trump 1.5 to 2.2 million Americans would die if he did not shut down the economy.They were off by MILLIONS! And now we know where Fauci and Birx got their plans to lockdown and destroy the US economy.From the WHO.Dr. Ned Nikolov discovered it was the World Health Organization (WHO) that proposed the lockdown rules for pandemics.This is the same organization that misled the global community for weeks while the coronavirus spread throughout China and beyond.Dr. Nikolov asks:  Why did WHO recommend/push Governments to lock down their countries when there was NO convincing evidence that such a draconian social-distancing measure would work and while they KNEW that the economic consequences of a shutdown would be severe?The WHO updated its pandemic rules in 2019 — before the coronavirus. Today the global community is facing a certain economic depression thanks to these lock-down rules.And Dr. Fauci and Dr. Birx pushed this plan on President Trump and the US, based on faulty models and corrupt WHO regulations!|0
And what's next, everyone will swallow and sit in silence, only Russia and China will press, and the rest will be swallowed.|0
Gargling warm salty water, taking vitamins or heating your nasal passages won’t eliminate the virus or keep it from reaching your lungs.There is little evidence that vitamins and other dietary supplements can protect you from the coronavirus in any consistent or significant way.There is no known cure for the new coronavirus.Scientists are scrambling to find treatments and vaccines for the virus, which causes the illness Covid-19, and health care professionals are working to stop the spread of misinformation.It’s a tough battle. On social media, memes have become efficient vectors of bad advice, often with urgent instructions or dystopian graphics. One, misstating the benefits of gargling salty water, shows the virus as a cluster of green burrs infecting the throat of a glowing blue man.One series of posts with bad advice — including claims that sunshine could kill the virus and that ice cream should be avoided — tacked on the name UNICEF.“This is, of course, not true,” said Christopher Tidey, a spokesman for UNICEF, the United Nations Children’s Fund.“Misinformation during times of a health crisis can result in people being left unprotected or more vulnerable to the virus,” he said. “It can also spread paranoia, fear and stigmatization, and have other consequences, like offering a false sense of protection.”Here are some of the false claims that are spreading via Twitter, Facebook and WhatsApp.Gargling warm water.There is no evidence that gargling warm water with salt or vinegar “eliminates” the coronavirus, a claim that has gone viral as part of a meme — the one with the glowing blue man — in multiple languages. It suggests that the coronavirus lingers in the throat for days before it reaches the lungs, and that a good gargle can stop the virus in its tracks.That’s not true. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has said that gargling salty, warm water is one of many ways to soothe a sore throat, but there is no evidence that doing this will kill the coronavirus.“It won’t stop it from getting into the lungs,” said Dr. Paul Offit, an infectious disease expert at the University of Pennsylvania and the Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia. “What it could do is decrease inflammation, which would make your throat less sore.”Drinking water frequently.Some social media posts suggest that if you sip water every 15 minutes or so, you can protect yourself from the virus — which, in this scenario, has made its way to your mouth — by flushing it into your stomach. The idea here is that it wouldn’t enter your trachea, which leads to the lungs.But that’s false. Staying hydrated is a good idea generally, and the C.D.C. says that healthy people can get their fluid needs by drinking when thirsty and with meals. But there is no evidence that frequent sips keep the virus from entering the lungs.Blasting hot air.A video that has been shared on Facebook claims that the virus cannot survive in hot temperatures. It shows a woman aiming a hair dryer at her face with the goal of heating her sinuses to the “coronavirus kill temperature” of 133 degrees. Elsewhere on social media, people have suggested that hand dryers can kill the virus.But there is no clear evidence that this works. According to the World Health Organization, the virus cannot be killed by hand dryers, and it appears that it can survive in hot temperatures (and in cold temperatures).Dr. Offit said that there was some research indicating that warming the nasal passage might help the immune system combat a virus. But he added that breathing near steam — like sitting over a bowl of hot soup — was a much better idea than aiming a hair dryer at your face.“Do the soup thing,” he said. “That’s better than forcing air into your nose.”Ingesting colloidal silver.Many claims about the benefits of colloidal silver come from companies that sell the product.Colloidal silver comes in different forms — often as a bottled liquid with silver particles — and is promoted as a dietary supplement. But according to the National Center for Complementary and Integrative Health, evidence about the medical benefits are lacking, and silver can be harmful. One possible side effect is a condition called argyria, a blue-gray skin discoloration. Colloidal silver could also hinder the absorption of some drugs.Last week, the Food and Drug Administration said that it had warned seven companies to stop selling products, including colloidal silver, that the companies suggested cure or prevent the coronavirus.Getting some sun.It is not yet known what effect sunlight or ultraviolet light has on the new coronavirus. And if the virus is already reproducing inside of a human body, ultraviolet light — from the sun or from a lamp — can’t reach it.A walk in the sunshine might be good for your mental and physical health if you practice social distancing. And there is evidence that ultraviolet light can inactivate viruses, including flu viruses, particularly in laboratory settings.The W.H.O. warns, however, that ultraviolet light lamps should not be used to sterilize hands or other body parts because they can irritate the skin.Taking your vitamins.Social media is full of suggestions about taking additional vitamins — C is a popular one — and ingesting things like garlic, pepper, mint or elderberry. But there is little evidence that these foods and supplements can protect you in any consistent or significant way.Vitamin C, which is an antioxidant, hasn’t shown a consistent benefit for treating or preventing illnesses like the common cold. And as with many things, it can be harmful in large doses. “Do not take large quantities of an antioxidant knowing that your body needs to maintain a balance,” Dr. Offit said.Evidence that elderberry can help people with flu symptoms is spotty. Garlic may have some antimicrobial properties, but there is no evidence that it has protected people from the coronavirus.In short, vitamins and nutrients can be good, especially if they come from a balanced diet. But they can’t be relied upon to protect people from a pandemic.So what should we do?“Sound preparation, based on scientific evidence, is what is needed at this time,” said Mr. Tidey, of UNICEF.The C.D.C. offers the following guidance on what you can do to minimize your chances of contracting the virus: Wash your hands often, avoid touching your face and practice social distancing. You can also protect others by covering your mouth when you cough or sneeze, staying home when sick and disinfecting surfaces.The W.H.O. has partnered with tech companies, including Google, Facebook and Twitter, to fight bad information about the coronavirus, and its website has debunked claims about saline, antibiotics, chlorine and other substances.Here is more coverage from The New York Times about the things you can do to stay safe.|1
Let’s look at some practical issues here, as there don’t seem to be many around right now. The coronavirus lockdown is an overall assault not only on everyone’s civil liberties, but also on our very bodies and minds and therefore our overall health. We have covered this fact before, but our immune systems are under assault. There are no guns here, or weapons of mass destruction, the pen is mightier than the sword, and the media more powerful than that. Bill Gates and his eugenic, technocratic, power hungry cronies are robbing everyone of essential vitamins. PEOPLE NEED TO KNOW THIS. Listen to “Dr Fauci” and “Dr Brix” and the worlds population will be immune deficient. We are witnessing the break down of society, as well as the breakdown of our own internal battle force. The foot soldiers and the army of the immune system are being systematically attacked. In this case the attack is enforced imprisonment.In this article we want to empower people to take control of their own immune system, their body and spirit. Bad air, bad food, bad news. Followed by bad vaccines. It’s quite a cocktail, but there are answers and ways. Stress hormones are weakening our immune system, whilst the statistics that keep us all locked down are flawed. The immune system needs to be fed well. This is the only way, it is a delicate balance and the immune system must work together, or it ends up weak on the ground level, while still being bombarded from above and unable to contain viruses in general. We can only get the essential vitamins and minerals that keep us healthy from natural sources, this being food and sunlight, fresh air and clean water. Vitamin D is one of the most essential hormones and is the fuel for our troops. Telling us to stay home is not only draconian and counter to our human nature.All the CDC can say is that we must wait for Bill Gate’s vaccines, so wash your hands and wear a mask.This is crazy when you look at human anatomy and the real science of how the body works. Vaccinations are risky if you look at the list of ingredients and the side effects. Personally we prefer to let nature do what nature is best at. Repair, adapt, develop. It’s time to get back to life. It’s time to start living again.We have 380 trillion viruses within us at any one given time. What’s a few more to a healthy immune system that never shows any of the symptoms of these trillions of viruses?Here are some ways to help you. We need Vitamin A, B, C and D. When you isolate people, social isolation leads to weakening the immune system. It’s a recipe to hurt people’s bodies. You build up immunity by taking care of and boosting your immune system. Its as simple as that. Lets get our own armies ready.The good news is that deaths in general are on the decline. The death rate of viruses and cancer are decreasing thanks to the coronavirus. For right now we are the middle of a war of statistics, for it is these over inflated coronavirus numbers that keep everyone imprisoned in their own homes. How to Protect yourself against Co-Vid-19: Eat fresh organic fruit and vegetables. Avoid processed foods. Drink lots of filtered water (2 litres a day) Drink Eloctrylized water if possible (see more below)Avoid sugar. Get at least 20 minutes a day of sunshine (If you can get outside, then you can get some natural vitamin D3+K2)Take one nasal spray per day of GcMAF.Take Zinc. Hypochlorous Acid (HOCL). Zinc. Zinc has been discussed before as an essential trace mineral for the immune system. It is of course being downplayed by the media, as it’s a naturally occurring substance and there are not billions to be made from it. Its only vaccines that can create this level of profit. But Zinc is an essential trace mineral. According to a paper pubished on the US National Library of Medicine National Institutes of Health. During the past 40 years,, it has become apparent that deficiency of zinc in humans is quite prevalent and may affect over two billion subjects in the developing world (3–5).Zinc affects multiple aspects of the immune system (10). Zinc is crucial for normal development and function of cells mediating innate immunity, neutrophils, and NK cells. Macrophages also are affected by zinc deficiency. Phagocytosis, intracellular killing, and cytokine production all are affected by zinc deficiency. Zinc deficiency adversely affects the growth and function of T and B cells. The ability of zinc to function as an anti-oxidant and stabilize membranes suggests that it has a role in the prevention of free radical-induced injury during inflammatory processes. Macrophages. There is much research and clinical evidence of the benefits of GcMAF to the immune system. In fact it serves as the backbone to the immune system itself. GcMAF is a naturally occurring protein, known as GcMAF, which stands for ‘Gc (protein) Macrophage Activating Factor’, which has a remarkable effect on cancer, Autism and many other terminal conditions, including viruses and pathogens. The foot soldiers of your immune system are your T-Cells and your Macrophages. They need to stay healthy. Cytokines will be released in excess if the T-Cells, or Macrophages are not present to then clear them away afterwards. This is an immune response to the over bombardment of the Cytokines, known as a Cytokine storms. This excessive overload is what causes inflammation, or swelling to occur. GCMAF. GcMAF it is an amazing boost to anyone’s immune system and will reset this imbalance, releasing the Macrophages to come and clear the cytokine build up. Thus reduce swelling as well as attack and clear pathogens and virusues. All 5 billion healthy humans make their own GcMAF. As we carry millions of viruses around with us, as well as cancer cells, GcMAF will activate your Macrophages to destroy disease. In fact it has six different ways of attacking cancer alone. It is essentially a Vitamin D Binding Protein that activates the macrophages in the blood supply. Under lock down we are all under stress, our GcMAF and Macrophage production could well decline. If so cytokines will build up, causing swelling and tumors to grow. Please see this article for a real life story of how Immunotherapy Bulgarian GcMAF works for even the rarest types of cancer. We have witnessed macrophages (a type of immune cell), which have been treated with GcMAF become empowered and consume human breast cancer cells and clusters of cancer cells are mercilessly devoured. GcMAF immunotherapy has been described as the PacMan of the immune system. Please watch the video below (made under a time lapse microscope) that shows immune cells attacking and eliminating viruses, bacteria and cancer. It shows in fast forward just how Bulgarian GCMAF works on a cellular level, as it constantly seeks out pathogens and destroys them, even repairing nerve cell damage. Directions for usage to prevent COVID-19. (And any one of the other trillions of viruses).Recommended dosage is one nasal spray per day of GcMAF. Family of 3 have a spray everyday for one month Cost is 90/250 USD. Just under 3 bucks a day. Min 80 sprays per vial.GCMaf contains no side effects. Please see this section for more on GcMAF and the Macrophages. Hypochlorous Acid (HOCL).Another supplement you can take to ward off the virus is HOCL.With over 30 years of research  HOCl is the scientific formula for hypochlorous acid, a weak acid similar to that of a mild citrus juice. HOCl is made naturally by white blood cells in all mammals for healing and protection. It is a powerful oxidant that is effective against invading bacteria, fungi, and viruses. Generating HOCl by running electricity through a solution of saltwater was discovered in 1970s. HOCl is now used in healthcare, food safety, water treatment, and general sanitation. Hypochlorite ion carries a negative electrical charge, while hypochlorous acid carries no electrical charge. The hypochlorous acid moves quickly, able to oxidize the bacteria in a matter of seconds, while the hypochlorite ion might take up to a half hour to do the same.  Germ surfaces carry a negative electrical charge which results in a repulsion of the negatively charged hypochlorite ion to the area of the germ surfaces, making hypochlorite ion less effective at killing germs. The ratio of the two compounds is determined by the relative acidity (pH) of the water. Water treatment specialists can adjust the pH level to make hypochlorous acid more dominate, as it is more efficient at killing bacteria. The hypochlorous acid’s lack of electrical charge allows it to more efficiently penetrate the protective barriers surrounding germs. Making it at home. There are several home electrolysis systems that have been developed that can generate stable hypochlorous acid using table salt and water. Distilled vinegar is sometimes added to lower the pH allowing for a solution of free chlorine more dominated by the hypochlorous acid molecule. When choosing a home system, an important factor to consider is the quality of the electrolysis cell. Higher quality systems may cost more but will last much longer due to the durability of the alloys in the metals used to make the cells. Electrolyzed water. The Eco One by EcoloxTech generates electrolyzed water for safe and natural cleaning and sanitation. You can even use it to wash fruits & vegetables! Eliminate all chemicals in the home with an eco-friendly alternative. This is not a way of selling anything, we do not profit from saying this information. Please watch the below video on how the immune system really works, from Roby Mitchell MD What protects us from COVID and other viruses? So the message here is boost our immune systems now! As more doctors come forward, please watch this video of Dr Shiva, laying it all out for us again, just in case you’ve missed it including kick backs for the COVID-19 virus tests for hospitals who are being monetised to show false results. As well as kickbacks for ventilators which are dangerous, 90% of people are dying from the ventilators. MIT PhD Crushes Dr. Fauci Exposes Birx, Clintons, Bill Gates, And The W.H.O. We do the research, you decide. All of the information in this article is for educational purposes and does not replace any other medical advise you may have been given.|0
The available evidence indicates coronavirus originated in animals in China late last year and was not manipulated or produced in a laboratory as has been alleged, the World Health Organization said Tuesday in a news briefing in Geneva. "It is probable, likely, that the virus is of animal origin," WHO spokeswoman Fadela Chaib said.The global health body's remarks follow confirmation from President Donald Trump last week that his administration is investigating whether coronavirus originated in a lab in the Chinese city of Wuhan, where the disease emerged. Speculation about how coronavirus may have escaped the Wuhan Institute of Virology has circulated among right-wing bloggers and conservative media pundits. Coronavirus and college:Coronavirus displaced millions of college students, who worry how they're going to vote. One suggestion that the virus could be man-made and linked to a Chinese biowarfare program has been widely dismissed by scientists. Under a second scenario, the virus was naturally occurring – from a bat, say – but accidentally escaped the research facility because of poor safety protocols.Both notions are based on circumstantial evidence such as the Wuhan Institute of Virology's history of studying coronaviruses in bats, the lab's proximity to where some of the infections were first diagnosed and China's lax safety record in its labs. Chaib said there remain questions over how precisely coronavirus jumped the species barrier to humans, but an intermediate animal host is the most likely explanation. She said the coronavirus, which causes the disease COVID-19, "most probably has its ecological reservoir in bats."The Trump administration accused the WHO of a catalog of errors over its response to the pandemic, including failing to adequately prepare for the outbreak, raising the alarm too slowly and naively accepting flawed information from China.The WHO disputed all the allegations. Most public health experts don't agree with the Trump administration's specific criticisms of the WHO, although they acknowledge that the organization needs reform and lacks transparency. The Washington Post reported over the weekend that American officials working with the WHO sent back information to the White House about the spread of the virus in the crucial early days of January.|1
The coronavirus has given rise to a flood of conspiracy theories, disinformation and propaganda, eroding public trust and undermining health officials in ways that could elongate and even outlast the pandemic.Claims that the virus is a foreign bioweapon, a partisan invention or part of a plot to re-engineer the population have replaced a mindless virus with more familiar, comprehensible villains. Each claim seems to give a senseless tragedy some degree of meaning, however dark.Rumors of secret cures — diluted bleach, turning off your electronics, bananas — promise hope of protection from a threat that not even world leaders can escape.The belief that one is privy to forbidden knowledge offers feelings of certainty and control amid a crisis that has turned the world upside down. And sharing that “knowledge” may give people something that is hard to come by after weeks of lockdowns and death: a sense of agency.“It has all the ingredients for leading people to conspiracy theories,” said Karen M. Douglas, a social psychologist who studies belief in conspiracies at the University of Kent in Britain.Rumors and patently unbelievable claims are spread by everyday people whose critical faculties have simply been overwhelmed, psychologists say, by feelings of confusion and helplessness.But many false claims are also being promoted by governments looking to hide their failures, partisan actors seeking political benefit, run-of-the-mill scammers and, in the United States, a president who has pushed unproven cures and blame-deflecting falsehoods.The conspiracy theories all carry a common message: The only protection comes from possessing the secret truths that “they” don’t want you to hear.The feelings of security and control offered by such rumors may be illusory, but the damage to the public trust is all too real.It has led people to consume fatal home remedies and flout social distancing guidance. And it is disrupting the sweeping collective actions, like staying at home or wearing masks, needed to contain a virus that has already killed more than 79,000 people.“We’ve faced pandemics before,” said Graham Brookie, who directs the Atlantic Council’s Digital Forensic Research Lab. “We haven’t faced a pandemic at a time when humans are as connected and have as much access to information as they do now.”This growing ecosystem of misinformation and public distrust has led the World Health Organization to warn of an “infodemic.”“You see the space being flooded,” Mr. Brookie said, adding, “The anxiety is viral, and we’re all just feeling that at scale.”The Allure of ‘Secret Knowledge’.“People are drawn to conspiracies because they promise to satisfy certain psychological motives that are important to people,” Dr. Douglas said. Chief among them: command of the facts, autonomy over one’s well-being and a sense of control.If the truth does not fill those needs, we humans have an incredible capacity to invent stories that will, even when some part of us knows they are false. A recent study found that people are significantly likelier to share false coronavirus information than they are to believe it.“The magnitude of misinformation spreading in the wake of the Covid-19 pandemic is overwhelming our small team,” Snopes, a fact-checking site, said on Twitter. “We’re seeing scores of people, in a rush to find any comfort, make things worse as they share (sometimes dangerous) misinformation.”Widely shared, Instagram posts falsely suggested that the coronavirus was planned by Bill Gates on behalf of pharmaceutical companies. In Alabama, Facebook posts falsely claimed that shadowy powers had ordered sick patients to be secretly helicoptered into the state. In Latin America, equally baseless rumors have proliferated that the virus was engineered to spread H.I.V. In Iran, pro-government voices portray the disease as a Western plot.If the claims are seen as taboo, all the better.The belief that we have access to secret information may help us feel that we have an advantage, that we are somehow safer. “If you believe in conspiracy theories, then you have power through knowledge that other people don’t have,” Dr. Douglas said.Italian media buzzed over a video posted by an Italian man from Tokyo in which he claimed that the coronavirus was treatable but that Italian officials were “hiding the truth.”Other videos, popular on YouTube, claim that the entire pandemic is a fiction staged to control the population.Still others say that the disease is real, but its cause isn’t a virus — it’s 5G cellular networks.One YouTube video pushing this falsehood, and implying that social distancing measures could be ignored, has received 1.9 million views. In Britain, there has been a rash of attacks on cellular towers.Conspiracy theories may also make people feel less alone. Few things tighten the bonds of “us” like rallying against “them,” especially foreigners and minorities, both frequent scapegoats of coronavirus rumors and much else before now.But whatever comfort that affords is short-lived.Over time, research finds, trading in conspiracies not only fails to satisfy our psychological needs, Dr. Douglas said, but also tends to worsen feelings of fear or helplessness.And that can lead us to seek out still more extreme explanations, like addicts looking for bigger and bigger hits.Governments Find Opportunity in Confusion. The homegrown conspiracists and doubters are finding themselves joined by governments. Anticipating political backlash from the crisis, government leaders have moved quickly to shunt the blame by trafficking in false claims of their own.A senior Chinese official pushed claims that the virus was introduced to China by members of the United States Army, an accusation that was allowed to flourish on China’s tightly controlled social media.In Venezuela, President Nicolás Maduro suggested that the virus was an American bioweapon aimed at China. In Iran, officials called it a plot to suppress the vote there. And outlets that back the Russian government, including branches in Western Europe, have promoted claims that the United States engineered the virus to undermine China’s economy.In the former Soviet republics of Turkmenistan and Tajikistan, leaders praised bogus treatments and argued that citizens should continue working.But officials have hardly refrained from the rumor mongering in more democratic nations, particularly those where distrust of authority has given rise to strong populist movements.Matteo Salvini, the leader of Italy’s anti-migrant League Party, wrote on Twitter that China had devised a “lung supervirus” from “bats and rats.”And President Jair Bolsonaro of Brazil has repeatedly promoted unproven coronavirus treatments, and implied that the virus is less dangerous than experts say. Facebook, Twitter and YouTube all took the extraordinary step of removing the posts.President Trump, too, has repeatedly pushed unproven drugs, despite warnings from scientists and despite at least one fatal overdose of a man whose wife said he had taken a drug at Mr. Trump’s suggestion.Mr. Trump has accused perceived enemies of seeking to “inflame” the coronavirus “situation” to hurt him. When supplies of personal protective equipment fell short at New York hospitals, he implied that health workers might be stealing masks.His allies have gone further.Senator Tom Cotton, Republican of Arkansas, and others have suggested that the virus may have been produced by a Chinese weapons lab. Some media allies have claimed that the death toll has been inflated by Mr. Trump’s enemies.A Parallel Crisis. “This kind of information suppression is dangerous — really, really dangerous,” Mr. Brookie said, referring to Chinese and American efforts to play down the threat of the outbreak.It has nourished not just individual conspiracies but a wider sense that official sources and data cannot be trusted, and a growing belief that people must find the truth on their own.A cacophony arising from armchair epidemiologists who often win attention through sensational claims is at times crowding out legitimate experts whose answers are rarely as tidy or emotionally reassuring.They promise easy cures, like avoiding telecommunications or even eating bananas. They wave off the burdens of social isolation as unnecessary. Some sell sham treatments of their own.“Medical conspiracy theories have the power to increase distrust in medical authorities, which can impact people’s willingness to protect themselves,” Daniel Jolley and Pia Lamberty, scholars of psychology, wrote in a recent article.Such claims have been shown to make people less likely to take vaccines or antibiotics, and more likely to seek medical advice from friends and family instead of from doctors.Belief in one conspiracy also tends to increase belief in others. The consequences, experts warn, could not only worsen the pandemic, but outlive it.Medical conspiracies have been a growing problem for years. So has distrust of authority, a major driver of the world’s slide into fringe populism. Now, as the world enters an economic crisis with little modern precedent, that may deepen.The wave of coronavirus conspiracies, Dr. Jolley and Dr. Lamberty wrote, “has the potential to be just as dangerous for societies as the outbreak itself.”|1
The world coronavirus pandemic is a turning point in world history. Not only are stock indices and oil prices collapsing, the world order itself is falling. We are living in the period of the end of liberalism and its “obviousness” as global meta-narrative, the end of its measures and standards. Human societies will soon become free floating: no more dogmas, no more dollar-imperialism, no more free market spells, no more Fed dictatorship or global stock exchanges, no more subservience to the world media elite. Each pole will build its future on its own civilizational foundations. It is obviously impossible to say what this will look like or what it will lead to. However, it is already clear that the old world order is becoming a thing of the past, and quite distinct contours of a new reality are emerging before us.What neither ideologies, nor wars, nor fierce economic battles, nor terror, nor religious movements have been able to do, has been accomplished by an invisible, yet deadly virus. It brought with it death, pain, horror, panic, sorrow… but also the future.|0
Back in 2015 the NIH under the direction of Dr. Tony Fauci gave a $3.7 million grant to the Wuhan Institute of Virology.The Wuhan Institute of Virology is now the main suspect in leaking the coronavirus that has killed more than 50,000 Americans and, thanks to Dr. Fauci again, destroyed the US economy.As early as 2018 US State Department officials warned about safety risks at the Wuhan Institute of Virology lab on scientists conducting risky tests with the bat coronavirus.US officials made several trips to the Wuhan laboratory.Despite the warnings, the US National Institute of Health (NIH) awarded a $3.7 million grant to the Wuhan lab studying the bat virus.  This was after State Department warned about the risky tests going on in the lab.The deadly China coronavirus that started in China sometime in late 2019 has now circled the globe.  Evidence suggests that the coronavirus didn’t come naturally.  We still don’t know whether the deadly virus was leaked intentionally or if it was an accident. But we do know that the Chinese did attempt to market a cure for the coronavirus to the world in January after the virus began to spread.According to the report from Wuhan the coronavirus came from either the Wuhan Center for Disease Control and Prevention or Wuhan Institute of Virology in Wuhan, China. These reports linking bats to the coronavirus started making the rounds back in January. A research paper published in the Wuhan Centre for Disease Control and Prevention determined the source of the coronavirus is a laboratory near the Seafood Market in Wuhan.On Sunday Rudy Giuliani dropped a bomb on Dr. Fauci. Rudy scolded the NIAID Director of granting $3.7 million to the Wuhan lab that leaked the coronavirus. And then Rudy accused the NIH of knowing more about this than they are leading on to.Rudy Giuliani questioned Dr. Anthony Fauci’s involvement in grants from the United States to a laboratory in Wuhan, China, that has been tied to the coronavirus pandemic.According to a report, the U.S. Intelligence Community has growing confidence that the current coronavirus strain may have accidentally escaped from the Wuhan Institute of Virology rather than from a wildlife market, as the Chinese Communist Party first claimed. During a Sunday interview on The Cats Roundtable, Giuliani questioned why the U.S. gave money to the lab.“Back in 2014, the Obama administration prohibited the U.S. from giving money to any laboratory, including in the U.S., that was fooling around with these viruses. Prohibited! Despite that, Dr. Fauci gave $3.7 million to the Wuhan laboratory — even after the State Department issued reports about how unsafe that laboratory was, and how suspicious they were in the way they were developing a virus that could be transmitted to humans,” he claimed.Rudy Giuliani later dropped this bomb on the grant to the Wuhan lab — Did Obama sign off on this?|0
MARGARET BRENNAN: We turn now to Dr. Anthony Fauci, the director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases at NIH. Dr. Fauci, thank you for what you're doing and thank you for making time for us.DR. ANTHONY FAUCI: Good to be with you, MARGARET. MARGARET BRENNAN: We heard from the president that there will be a lot of death in the coming weeks. Dr. Birx said it's not the time to go to the grocery store or the pharmacy. What should Americans be preparing for?DR. FAUCI: Well, this is going to be a bad week. MARGARET, unfortunately, if you look at the projection of the curves, of the kinetics of the curves, we're going to continue to see an escalation. Also, we should hope that within a week, maybe a little bit more, we'll start to see a flattening out of the curve and coming down. The mitigation that we're talking about that you just mentioned is absolutely key to the success of that. So on the one hand, things are going to get bad and we need to be prepared for that. It is going to be shocking to some. It certainly is- is really disturbing to see that. But that's what's going to happen before it turns around. So we'll just buckle down, continue to mitigate, continue to do the physical separation because we got to get through this week that's coming up because it is going to be a bad week.MARGARET BRENNAN: Are you saying, Doctor, that despite the deaths that we may see, that mitigation is working and that you do have this outbreak.DR. FAUCI: Yes.MARGARET BRENNAN: --under control? DR. FAUCI: I will not say we have it under control, MARGARET. That would be a false statement. We are struggling to get it under control, and that's the issue that's at hand right now. The thing that's important is that what you see is increases in new cases, which then start to flatten out. But the end result of that, you don't see for days if not weeks down the pike, because as the- as the cases go down, then you get less hospitalizations, less intensive care, and less death. So even though you're getting a- really improvement in that the number of new cases is starting to flatten, the deaths will lag by, you know, one or two weeks or more. So we need to be prepared that even though it's clear that mitigation is working, we're still going to see that tail off of deaths. So the first thing we want to look for is to see on a daily basis: are the number of new cases starting to stabilize? We've seen that in Italy. You just mentioned that correctly. We're going to hopefully be seeing that in New York very soon. And that's the first sign of that plateau and coming down.MARGARET BRENNAN: So when Governor Cuomo says we're- New York is not yet at the apex, what does that actually mean? And what happens on the other side of that apex?DR. FAUCI: You know, what the governor is saying is that we are still going to see an increase. The curves that we show at the conferences often is that the epidemic curve goes up, and it hits the top a bit and then it starts coming down. So what Governor Cuomo was saying is that we haven't yet reached that peak. And when you do, you'll start to see a bit of a flattening and come down. So where we are right now is really approaching that apex. And that's why what he's saying and what we're saying is that this next week is going to look bad because we're still not yet at that apex. And I think within a week, eight days or nine days or so, we- hopefully you're going to see that turnaround.MARGARET BRENNAN: You have flagged that you see this virus now spreading in the developing world and communities where people don't really have the luxuries that we have of working at home. What does that mean for the risk of re-infection here in the United States?DR. FAUCI: Well, you bring up a very good point, MARGARET. Unless we get this globally under control, there's a very good chance that it will assume a seasonal nature in the sense that even if we, and I- and I hope it's not just if but when we get it down to the point where it really is at a very low level, we need to be prepared that since it unlikely will be completely eradicated from the planet, that as we get into next season, we may see the beginning of a resurgence. And that's the reason why we're pushing so hard and getting our preparedness much better than it was, but importantly, pushing on a vaccine and doing clinical trials for therapeutic interventions so that hopefully if in fact we do see that resurgence, we will have interventions that we did not have in the beginning of the situation that we're in right now.MARGARET BRENNAN: So you said yesterday that there are three things you think this country needs to have in place before some of these restrictions are pulled back: the ability to test, to isolate and to do contact tracing. How close are we to meeting those requirements you laid out?DR. FAUCI: We're not 100 percent there yet, but the people who are responsible for getting these tests out there, it's very clear that we are much, much better off than we were in the sense that in the next week or two, we'll have an extraordinary amount more capability of doing the kinds of testing that's essential. Because testing is not only important to be able to identify individual cases, isolate them and contact tracing. But we really do need to get a feel for what the penetrance of this infection is in society. That becomes critical when you plan to start to get back to normal or at least take those first steps to getting back to normal. You have to know what's out there. You have to know what you're dealing with. So testing becomes even more important than what we've been speaking about in the past. MARGARET BRENNAN: Do you wear a mask when you're not on television?DR. FAUCI: Well, you know, my- my life, is- is- is pretty different, I- I stay six feet away from anybody that I can. If I go out, which I really don't do very much because of- of my life as it is now, MARGARET, I would and do. If you go to a situation where you don't have control over that six-foot distance, that you wear a mask. In fact, my wife just went out to get us some food for- for the morning, and she doesn't wear a mask in the house or when we go out and run. But when she gets into a situation, as I would, where you don't have the power or the control of staying six feet away, I would recommend doing what the CDC as I think appropriately and correctly said. It's- it's an adjunct. It's an additional way to help protect you and to have you help protect others.MARGARET BRENNAN: Doctor, what would you tell our viewers who live in South Carolina, Arkansas, Wyoming, South Dakota, Iowa, Nebraska, North Dakota, Utah, the eight states that do not have stay at home orders? What does that do to the White House models of projected deaths? Are they putting the rest of the country at risk?DR. FAUCI: Well, it isn't that they're putting the rest of the country at risk as much as they're putting themselves at risk. So every time I get to that podium in the White House briefing room, MARGARET, I always essentially plead with people to please take a look at those very simple guidelines of physical separation. And they're very, very clear. They're like multiple different ways that say all the same thing. Physically separate. Six feet away. Ten people in a crowd. Avoid any interaction like movies and sports events and theaters and things like that, even in areas where you're not having a big explosion of cases. To the best of your ability, do that because this virus doesn't discriminate, whether you're in a small town, in a relatively. MARGARET BRENNAN: Yeah.DR. FAUCI: --secluded area of the country versus whether you're in a big city. And sooner or later, you're going to see a surge of cases. MARGARET BRENNAN: OK.DR. FAUCI: So I would urge people to please take a look at that. MARGARET BRENNAN: Very quickly, is hydroxychloroquine preventative against this virus? Yes or no? DR. FAUCI: You know, as I've said many times, MARGARET,  the data are really just at best suggestive. There have been cases that show there may be an effect. MARGARET BRENNAN: Yeah. DR. FAUCI: --and there are others to show there's no effect. MARGARET BRENNAN: OK. DR. FAUCI: So I think in terms of science, I don't think we could definitively. MARGARET BRENNAN: All right. DR. FAUCI: --say it works.MARGARET BRENNAN: Thank you. Good luck to you, doctor. We will be right back with a look at our struggling economy. Stay with us.|1
This pandemic will last until most people are immune, whether through vaccination or from having gotten the illness [COVID-19] and recovered. The 18-month figure comes from reports that we won’t have a vaccine in less than 18 months, but that would be in unprecedented, in record-breaking time. We’ll eventually have a vaccine, but that may be in 18 months or 5 years from now.I think there will be waves of the epidemic across the US. What’s happening now in Seattle and New York, and to a lesser extent in San Francisco, will happen in Baltimore and Dallas at different times. Each wave will last a couple of months—from valley to peak to valley. As we begin to relax social distancing efforts—which we will have to do because society can’t stay like this—the disease will start to come back. The hope is that it will return more slowly because there are fewer susceptible hosts, we’ll have more ubiquitous testing, and more [targeted] interventions instead of the sledgehammer we’re using now.|1
COVID-19 often causes symptoms similar to those a person with a bad cold or the flu would experience. And like the flu, the symptoms can progress and become life-threatening. Your doctor is more likely to suspect coronavirus if:you have respiratory symptoms and you have been exposed to someone suspected of having COVID-19, or there has been community spread of the virus that causes COVID-19 in your area.|1
The European Union has collapsed. The countries are beginning to build borders: between Poland and Germany, between Germany and France, between the Czech Republic and Austria. [There are] borders, borders, borders…|0
This video shows why Big Telecom loves #coronavirus. The quarantine has facilitated the unobstructed #5G rollout and has effectively ended the opportunity for mass public protests which were our best hope for derailing the 5G robber barons from microwaving our country and destroying nature. The Telecom Titans now have an open road, willing politicians and a compliant population sufficiently frightened, beleaguered, broke and submissive to relinquish their constitutional freedoms and welcome the surveillance state. 5G has little to do with improving service to individuals. It has everything to do with #BigTech data mining, surveillance and social control. If we don’t stop them, they will engineer a massive transfer of wealth and sovereignty away from our citizens into the hands of Big Telecom, Big Tech (Microsoft, Facebook, Google) #BigPharma, the military/intelligence apparatus and the ruling plutocrats. Chief among these is Bill Gates with his sinister anti-American tracking system (ID2020), his suspiciously coincidental October 2019 Coronavirus War Game simulations (Gates passed out adorable coronavirus themed stuffed animals to all the high level participants), his pandemic documentary on #Netflix, his autocratic control of Anthony Fauci and the WHO (for which he is the top funder), his coronavirus #vaccine patents and his barely disguised — let’s be honest — giddy-delight at the quarantine that is impoverishing his countrymen and crushing their will to resist his tyrannical “reforms.” Gates wants us to cede all power to his “benevolent” dictatorship —including power over our bodies, our health and our children. Gates is the nerdy kid with the magnifying glass. The rest of us are ants getting torched in his global science experiment.Please support our lawsuit against FCC to stop 5G. Children’s health defense.org|0
In 2019, a mysterious shipment sent from Canada to China was found to contain hidden coronavirus, which Chinese agents working at a Canadian laboratory reportedly stole, obviously without permission.Reports reveal that these Chinese agents were working undercover for the Chinese Biological Warfare Program, and may have infiltrated North America for the sole purpose of hijacking this deadly virus in order to unleash it at a later date.That unleashing could be the coronavirus outbreak that’s currently dominating media headlines – with as many as 44,000 people now infected – despite blame being assigned to contaminated food sold at the Huanan Seafood Market in Wuhan, China – and here’s why.It was back on June 13, 2012, when a 60-year-old man from Saudi Arabia was admitted to a private hospital in Jeddah with a seven-day affliction of fever, cough, expectoration and shortness of breath. The man had no known history of cardiopulmonary or renal disease, was on no medications, and didn’t smoke, and tests revealed that he had become infected with a previously unknown strain of coronavirus.However, tests could not reveal where the man had contracted coronavirus. So, Dr. Ali Mohamed Zaki, the Egyptian virologist who was caring for the man, contacted Ron Fouchier, a premier virologist at the Erasmus Medical Center (EMC) in Rotterdam, The Netherlands, for advice.Fouchier proceeded to sequence a sample of the virus sent to him by Dr. Zaki using a broad-spectrum “pan-coronavirus” real-time polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) method to distinguish it from other strains of coronavirus. He then sent it to Dr. Frank Plummer, the Scientific Director of Canada’s National Microbiology Laboratory (NML) in Winnipeg, on May 4, 2013, where it was replicated for assessment and diagnostic purposes.Scientists in Winnipeg proceeded to test this strain of coronavirus on animals to see which species could catch it. This research was done in conjunction with the Canadian Food Inspection Agency’s national lab, as well as with the National Centre for Foreign Animal Diseases, which is in the same complex as the National Microbiology Laboratory (NML).NML, it’s important to note, has long conducted tests with coronavirus, having isolated and provided the first genome sequence of the SARS coronavirus. This lab had also identified another type of coronavirus, known as NL63, back in 2004.Formerly respected scientist allowed multiple deadly viruses besides coronavirus to be shipped to China. Fast-forward to today, and the recent discovery of the mystery shipment containing coronavirus can be traced all the way back to these samples that were sent to Canada for analysis, suggesting that the current coronavirus outbreak was likely stolen as a bioweapon to be released for just such a time as this.According to reports, the shipment occurred back in March of 2019, which caused a major scandal with biowarfare experts who questioned why Canada was purportedly sending lethal viruses to China. It was later discovered in July that Chinese virologists had stolen. it, and were forcibly dispatched as a result.“The NML is Canada’s only level-4 facility and one of only a few in North America equipped to handle the world’s deadliest diseases, including Ebola, SARS, Coronavirus, etc.,” explains a report by Great Game India, as republished by Zero Hedge.“The NML scientist who was escorted out of the Canadian lab along with her husband, another biologist, and members of her research team is believed to be a Chinese Bio-Warfare agent Xiangguo Qiu,” it goes on to explain, adding that Qiu had served as head of the Vaccine Development and Antiviral Therapies Section of the Special Pathogens Program at Canada’s NML.A formerly respected scientist in China, Qiu began studying powerful viruses in 2006. In 2014, many of these viruses she studied, including not only coronavirus but also Machupo, Junin, Rift Valley Fever, Crimean-Congo Hemorrhagic Fever, and Hendra, all suddenly appeared in China as part of a massive hijacking.Be sure to read the full report at ZeroHedge.com.You can also keep up with the latest coronavirus news by visiting Outbreak.news.|0
A large proportion of the population (up to 15-20%) reports seasonal symptoms related to pollen, the most common of which include itchy eyes, nasal congestion, runny nose and sometimes wheezing and skin rash. All these symptoms are usually referred to as hay fever, pollen allergy or more appropriately allergic rhinitis. Allergic rhinitis is commonly associated with allergic asthma in children and adults.Allergies, including mild allergic asthma, have not been identified as a major risk factor for SARS-CoV-2 infection or for a more unfavourable outcome in the studies available so far. Moderate to severe asthma on the other hand, where patients need treatment daily, is included in the chronic lung conditions that predispose to severe disease.Children and adults on maintenance medication for allergies (e.g. leukotriene inhibitors, inhaled corticosteroids and/or bronchodilators) need to continue their treatment as prescribed by their doctor and should not discontinue their medication due to fears of COVID-19. If they develop symptoms compatible with COVID-19, they will need to self-isolate, inform their doctor and monitor their health as everyone else. If progressive difficulty breathing develops, they should seek prompt medical assistance.|1
Tonight from 11:40 pm nobody should be on the street. Doors and windows should remain closed as 5 helicopters spray disinfectants into the air to eradicate the coranavirus. Please process this information to all of your contacts|0
The answer to all of the above is that it is critical that everyone begin intensive social distancing immediately. As much as possible, limit contact with people outside your family.If you need to get food, staples, medications or healthcare, try to stay at least six feet away from others, and wash your hands thoroughly after the trip, avoiding contact with your face and mouth throughout. Prepare your own food as much as possible. If you do order takeout, open the bag, box or containers, then wash your hands. Lift, fork or spoon out the contents into your own dishes. After you dispose of these outside containers, wash your hands again. Most restaurants, gyms and public pools are closed; but even if one is open, now is not the time to go.Here are some other things to avoid: playdates, parties, sleepovers, having friends or family over for meals or visits, and going to coffee shops — essentially any nonessential activity that involves close contact with others.|1
Roger Stone suggested Monday that Bill Gates may have had a hand in the creation of coronavirus so that he could plant microchips in people’s heads to know who has and has not been tested for COVID-19.“Whether Bill Gates played some role in the creation and spread of this virus is open for vigorous debate. I have conservative friends who say it’s ridiculous and others say absolutely,” Stone told Joe Piscopo, host of the radio program “The Answer” on 970 AM, who had asked about conspiracy theories regarding the pandemic.“He and other globalists are using it for mandatory vaccinations and microchipping people so we know if they’ve been tested. Over my dead body. Mandatory vaccinations? No way, Jose!” Stone told a fawning Piscopo, who referred to President Trump’s longtime adviser as “a legend.”Gates has long been an outspoken advocate for preparing for a global health crisis like coronavirus.|0
April 11 Update: A new research study reveals that COVID-19 attacks hemoglobin in red blood cells, rendering it incapable of transporting oxygen. In the conclusion, researchers found that chloroquine could prevent the virus attacking the hemoglobin in the red blood cells.Last Wednesday, we published the success story from Dr. Vladimir Zelenko, a board-certified family practitioner in New York, after he successfully treated 350 coronavirus patients with 100 percent success using a cocktail of drugs: hydroxychloroquine, in combination with azithromycin (Z-Pak), an antibiotic to treat secondary infections, and zinc sulfate.  Dr. Zelenko said he saw the symptom of shortness of breath resolved within four to six hours after treatment. Hydroxychloroquine is now being used worldwide, according to a map from French Dr. Didier Raoult.  In the meantime, scientists at University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine believe they’ve found potential vaccine for coronavirus.Now, Dr. Zelenko provides updates on the treatment after he successfully treated 699 COVID-19 patients in New York. In an exclusive interview with former New York Mayor, Rudy Giuliani, Dr. Vladmir Zelenko shares the results of his latest study, which showed that out of his 699 patients treated, zero patients died, zero patients intubated, and four hospitalizations.Dr. Zelenko said the whole treatment costs only $20 over a period of 5 days with 100% success. He defines success as “Not to die.” Dr. Zelenko first posted his Facebook video message last week calling on President Trump to “advise the country that they should be taking this medication.”There are many other success stories about hydroxychloroquine across the country. Last week, Dr. William Grace, an oncologist at Lenox Hill Hospital in New York City, said they’ve not had a single death in their hospital because of  hydroxychloroquine. “Thanks to hydroxychloroquine, we have not had a death in our hospital,’ Dr. Grace said.Also, in a study conducted by the National Institute of Health (NIH) also confirmed some of Dr. Dr. Zelenko’s findings. The study by NIH showed that Zinc supplementation decreases the morbidity of lower respiratory tract infection in pediatric patients in the developing world. A second study also conducted by NIH titled: “In Vitro Antiviral Activity and Projection of Optimized Dosing Design of Hydroxychloroquine for the Treatment of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2),” also showed hydroxychloroquine to be more potent in killing the virus off in vitro (in the test tube and not in the body).Below is a video of his latest interview explaining the success of the treatment.|0
In a situation where there is no choice — such as if the grandparent lives with the grandchildren — then the family should do everything they can to try to limit the risk of COVID-19. The grandchildren should be isolated as much as possible, as should the parents, so that the overall family risk is as low as possible. Everyone should wash their hands very frequently throughout the day, and surfaces should be wiped clean frequently. Physical contact should be limited to the absolutely necessary; as wonderful as it can be to snuggle with Grandma or Grandpa, now is not the time.|1
Fears about 5G radiation towers inducing or exacerbating the symptoms associated with the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) are driving some people to light the technology on fire in acts of protest.In Birmingham, England, for instance, a 5G mast that went up in flames the other day was captured on video as it burnt to a crisp. Similar burnings have also occurred in Liverpool, Melling, Merseyside and Aigburth, according to BBC News.It would seem as though folks are realizing, at least in Great Britain, that 5G is an existential threat to humanity, especially if it’s tied to the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19). And believe it or not, some evidence does exist to suggest that the millimeter wave radiation emitted from 5G towers actually opens up people’s cells to receive viruses, which would explain why Wuhan, China, which went live with 5G late last year, became the epicenter of the outbreak.As you’d probably expect, the World Health Organization (WHO) and other governmental authorities are saying this is all bogus, but people like singer and songwriter Keri Hilson believe that it’s all too correlative to simply be a coincidence.“Petitions, organizations, studies … what we’re going thru is the [e]ffects of radiation,” Hilson wrote on her Twitter account. “5G launched in CHINA. Nov 1, 2019. People dropped dead. See attached & go to my IG stories for more. TURN OFF 5G by disabling LTE!!!”Some people are burning 5G towers out of concern the electropollution might be worsening the coronavirus outbreak. 5g, badhealth, badpollution, burning, China, Chinese Virus, coronavirus, covid-19, disease, electropollution, global emergency, Global Pandemic, infection, novel coronavirus, outbreak, pandemic, symptoms, towers, virus, Wuhan, Wuhan coronavirus. Some people are burning 5G towers out of concern the electropollution might be worsening the coronavirus outbreak. Fears about 5G radiation towers inducing or exacerbating the symptoms associated with the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) are driving some people to light the technology on fire in acts of protest.In Birmingham, England, for instance, a 5G mast that went up in flames the other day was captured on video as it burnt to a crisp. Similar burnings have also occurred in Liverpool, Melling, Merseyside and Aigburth, according to BBC News.It would seem as though folks are realizing, at least in Great Britain, that 5G is an existential threat to humanity, especially if it’s tied to the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19). And believe it or not, some evidence does exist to suggest that the millimeter wave radiation emitted from 5G towers actually opens up people’s cells to receive viruses, which would explain why Wuhan, China, which went live with 5G late last year, became the epicenter of the outbreak.As you’d probably expect, the World Health Organization (WHO) and other governmental authorities are saying this is all bogus, but people like singer and songwriter Keri Hilson believe that it’s all too correlative to simply be a coincidence.“Petitions, organizations, studies … what we’re going thru is the [e]ffects of radiation,” Hilson wrote on her Twitter account. “5G launched in CHINA. Nov 1, 2019. People dropped dead. See attached & go to my IG stories for more. TURN OFF 5G by disabling LTE!!!”Hilson’s tweets have since been deleted, probably due to Twitter censorship. But you have to admit that the timing of the 5G rollout combined with the sudden spread of the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) is at least suggestive of some type of connection between the two.Meanwhile, The Sun (UK) is saying that people targeting 5G towers for destruction are “idiots,” and that only “conspiracy nuts” believe that 5G has anything to do with the virus. The government of the United Kingdom (UK) has also come out to say that there is “no evidence to suggest that 5G has anything to do with Covid-19.”Listen below to The Health Ranger Report as Mike Adams, the Health Ranger, talks about how Amazon is directly contributing to the spread of the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19):Is 5G at all connected to the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19)?It’s worth noting that there’s also a connection between 5G and ID2020, the global microchipping and human tracking initiative that seeks to assign “digital identities” to every human being on earth.Microsoft co-founder and eugenicist Bill Gates is a big part of all this, especially as he seeks to vaccinate everyone in the world for the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19). As it turns out, the vaccines that Gates is proposing will come alongside “quantum dot tattoos” that will connect to and run off of 5G technology.In other words, governments of the world are planning to eventually roll out a vaccine or two for the this coronvirus that people will have to accept if they want to be let out of quarantine. And these vaccines will come with microchips that are powered by 5G towers, which are being installed as an “essential” service even as people are locked down inside their homes.You can also check out this video in which a former executive at Vodafone, a major mobile phone carrier in the UK, blows the lid on the connection between 5G, the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19), the vaccine microchip agenda, and the move towards a global digital currency.|0
I bet you didn’t know Dr. Fauci sat on Microsoft’s board of directors — and that Bill Gates — was his boss|0
As of January 22, 2020, a total of 571 cases of the 2019-new coronavirus (2019-nCoV) have been reported in 25 provinces (districts and cities) in China. At present, there is no vaccine or antiviral treatment for human and animal coronavirus, so that identifying the drug treatment options as soon as possible is critical for the response to the 2019-nCoV outbreak. Three general methods, which include existing broad-spectrum antiviral drugs using standard assays, screening of a chemical library containing many existing compounds or databases, and the redevelopment of new specific drugs based on the genome and biophysical understanding of individual coronaviruses, are used to discover the potential antiviral treatment of human pathogen coronavirus. Lopinavir /Ritonavir, Nucleoside analogues, Neuraminidase inhibitors, Remdesivir, peptide (EK1), arbidol, RNA synthesis inhibitors (such as TDF, 3TC), anti-inflammatory drugs (such as hormones and other molecules), Chinese traditional medicine, such ShuFengJieDu Capsules and Lianhuaqingwen Capsule, could be the drug treatment options for 2019-nCoV. However, the efficacy and safety of these drugs for 2019- nCoV still need to be further confirmed by clinical experiments.|0
A group of medical doctors, healthcare providers and scientists met online March 17, 2020, to discuss the use of high dose intravenous vitamin C (IVC) in the treatment of moderate to severe cases of Covid-19 patients. The key guest was Dr. Enqian Mao, chief of emergency medicine department at Ruijin Hospital, a major hospital in Shanghai, affiliated with the Joatong University College of Medicine. Dr. Mao is also a member of the Senior Expert Team at the Shanghai Public Health Center, where all Covid-19 patients have been treated. In addition, Dr. Mao co-authored the Shanghhai Guidelines for the Treatment of Covid-19 Infection, an official document endorsed by the Shanghai Medical Association and the Shanghai city government.Dr. Mao has been using high-dose dose IVC to treat patients with acute pancreatitis, sepsis, surgical wound healing and other medical conditions for over 10 years. When Covid-19 broke out, he and other experts thought of vitamin C and recommended IVC for the treatment of moderate to severe cases of Covid-19 patients. The recommendation was accepted early in the epidemic by the Shanghai Expert Team. All serious or critically ill Covid-19 patients in the Shanghai area were treated in Shanghai Public Health Center, for a total of 358 Covid-19 patients as of March 17th, 2020.Dr. Mao stated that his group treated ~50 cases of moderate to severe cases of Covid-19 infection with high dose IVC. The IVC dosing was in the range of 10,000 mg - 20,000 mg a day for 7-10 days, with 10,000 mg for moderate cases and 20,000 for more severe cases, determined by pulmonary status (mostly the oxygenation index) and coagulation status. All patients who received IVC improved and there was no mortality. Compared to the average of a 30-day hospital stay for all Covid-19 patients, those patients who received high dose IVC had a hospital stay about 3-5 days shorter than the overall patients. Dr. Mao discussed one severe case in particular who was deteriorating rapidly. He gave a bolus of 50,000 mg IVC over a period of 4 hours. The patient's pulmonary (oxygenation index) status stabilized and improved as the critical care team watched in real time. There were no side effects reported from any of the cases treated with high dose IVC.Among the international experts who attended today's video conference were: Dr. Atsuo Yanagisawa, formerly professor of medicine at the Kyorin University, Tokyo, Japan, and the president of the International Society for Orthomolecular Medicine; Dr. Jun Matsuyama of Japan; Dr. Michael J Gonzalez, professor at University of Puerto Rico Medical Sciences, Dr. Jean Drisko, professor of medicine, and Dr. Qi Chen, professor of pharmacology, both at the Kansas University Medical School, Dr. Alpha "Berry" Fowler, professor of pulmonary and critical care medicine, Virginia Commonwealth University, Dr. Maurice Beer and Asa Kitfield, both from NutriDrip and Integrative Medical NY, New York City; Dr. Hong Zhang of Beijing; William T. Penberthy, PhD of CME Scribe, Florida; Ilyes Baghli, MD, president of the Algerian Society of Nutrition and Orthomolecular Medicine (SANMO); Drs. Mignonne Mary and Charles Mary Jr, of the Remedy Room, New Orleans; Dr. Selvam Rengasamy, president of SAHAMM, Malaysia. I, Richard Cheng, MD, PhD of Cheng Integrative Health Center of South Carolina, and Senior Advisor to ShenZhen Medical Association and Shenzhen BaoAn Central Hospital, coordinated this conference.Albeit a brief meeting of less than 45 minutes due to Dr. Mao's limited time availability, the audience thanked Dr. Mao for his time and sharing and wished to keep the communication channel open and also able to talk to other clinicians working at the front line against Covid-19.In a separate meeting, I had the honor to talk to Sheng Wang, M.D., Ph.D., Professor of Critical Care Medicine of Shanghai 10th Hospital, Tongji University College of Medicine at Shanghai China, who also served at the Senior Clinical Expert Team of the Shanghai Covid-19 Control and Prevention Team. There are three lessons that we learned about this Covid-19 infection, Dr. Wang said:Early and high-dose IVC is quite helpful in helping Covid-19 patients. The data is still being finalized and the formal papers will be submitted for publication as soon as they are complete.Covid-19 patients appear to have a high rate of hyper-coagulability. Among the severe cases, ~40% severe cases showed hyper-coagulability, whereas the number among the mild to moderate cases were 15-20%. Heparin was used among those with coagulation issues.The third important lesson learned is the importance for the healthcare team of gearing up to wear protective clothing at the earliest opportunity for intubation and other emergency rescue measures. We found that if we waited until a patient developed the full-blown signs for intubation, then got ready to intubate, we would lose the precious minutes. So the treatment team should lower the threshold for intubation, to allow proper time (~15 minutes or so) for the team to gear up. This critical 15-30 minutes could make a difference in the outcome.Also, both Drs. Mao and Wang confirmed that there are other medical teams in other parts of the country who have been using high dose IVC treating Covid-19 patients.For additional reporting and information on China's successful use of intravenous vitamin C against COVID-19|0
COVID-19 is a disease caused by a type of virus called a coronavirus. This is a common type of virus that affects both animals and humans. Coronaviruses often cause symptoms like those of the common cold. But sometimes they can cause more serious infections.The coronavirus that causes COVID-19 is a new type of coronavirus. Most of the first people affected had links to a seafood and live animal market in Wuhan City, Hubei Province,China. This suggests that this new coronavirus might be a combination of human and animal coronaviruses.The virus has now spread to over 100 countries. The US, Spain, Italy, France, the UK,Germany, Turkey, Russia and Brazil have reported the most cases.|1
Idea of a united Europe has crashed. The idea of fraternal nations of Europe turned into the idea of each for its own.NATO exercises to defend Europe have been cancelled, Sweden tries to remind that Russian threat is in its backyard – no one cares about it, Slovakia tried to buy masks from Ukraine, Germany bought them instead, UK asked its citizens abroad to stay there, as there is no one to bring them back.|0
UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson has urged people to be patient with the lockdown, which is due to last until at least 7 May.So, what are the rules?What is a 'reasonable excuse' to go out?The measures say people should go out as little as possible and only leave home if they have a "reasonable excuse". This includes:Exercise - alone, or with members of your household.Shopping for basic necessities.Any medical need, or providing care for a vulnerable person.Travel to or from work, but only when you cannot work from home.What are the rules on exercise?If you have to go outside stay more than 2m (6ft) apart from anyone other than members of your household. This is called social distancing.Government guidance urges people to "stay local" and use open spaces near home. However, National Police Chiefs' Council (NPCC) guidelines for England say driving to the countryside to walk is likely to be a reasonable excuse if far more time is spent walking than driving. In Northern Ireland you can drive to a safe space for exercise. In Wales people must exercise "as close as possible" to home. People should only exercise once a day, although in England, Scotland and Northern Ireland there is no legal ban on exercising more. In Wales, exercising more than once is now illegal. The UK government hasn't set formal time limits for exercise. In Wales, rules say you can exercise for a reasonable amount of time - with four or five hours out of the question. You are allowed to stop for a break, but short periods of exercise followed by long periods of inactivity are not permitted (so sunbathing is not allowed)Dogs can be walked as part of a person's daily exercise. Should outdoor exercise be banned and parks closed? Why is social distancing necessary?Social distancing is important because coronavirus spreads when an infected person coughs small droplets - packed with the virus - into the air.These can be breathed in, or can cause an infection if you touch a surface they have landed on, and then touch your face with unwashed hands.When could the lockdown end?On 27 April, Mr Johnson said it was still too soon to start easing restrictions as it could risk a "second major outbreak and huge loss of life and the overwhelming of the NHS".The government has set out five tests for ending the lockdown and it will review the current rules by 7 May.What is self-isolation?If you show symptoms of coronavirus - such as a dry cough and high temperature - you must take extra precautions.You should stay at home and not leave it for any reason.This is known as self-isolation.You should not go out even to buy food or medicine, and should order these online, or ask someone to drop them off at your home.You can use your garden, if you have one.Who should self-isolate?Everyone who shows coronavirus symptoms - a fever of above 37.8C, a persistent cough or breathing problems - and everyone who lives in the same home.If you live alone, you must stay at home for seven days from the day symptoms start, If you still have a high temperature after seven days, you must continue to self-isolate until your temperature returns to normal. However, you do not need to continue to self-isolate if you only have a cough after seven days (a cough can last for several weeks after the infection has gone),If you, or someone you live with, develop symptoms, the entire household needs to isolate for 14 days to monitor for signs of Covid-19, If someone else does become ill during that period, their seven-day isolation starts that day. For example, it might run from day three to day 10 - when that person's isolation would then end. It would not restart if another member of the household fell illAnyone who fell ill on day 13 would have to start a seven-day isolation from that day (spending a total of 20 days at home). The person with symptoms should stay in a well-ventilated room with a window that can be opened, and keep away from other people in the home.People are advised not to ring NHS 111 or their GP to report their symptoms unless they are worried.What about older people and those with health conditions?The government says people aged 70 and over, and those who have an underlying health condition, should remain at home. They are more likely to be seriously affected by coronavirus.To minimise the risk, friends or family should drop off food and medicine at the door, or it should be ordered online. GP appointments should be over the phone, or online.The government says it will work with local authorities, supermarkets and the armed forces to ensure people get supplies of essential food and medicines.Others in the same household, and carers, can go out as long they observe proper social distancing.|1
Professor Dr Tasuku Honjo, caused a sensation today in the media by saying that the corona virus is not natural.|0
If you develop a high fever, shortness of breath or another, more serious symptom, call your doctor.There’s a good chance you won’t be tested: Testing for coronavirus is still inconsistent — there are not enough kits, and it’s dangerous to go into a doctor’s office and risk infecting others. Also, check the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention website and your local health department for advice about how and where to be tested.|1
COVID-19 is caused by a coronavirus called SARS-CoV-2. Coronaviruses are a large family of viruses that are common in people and may different species of animals, including camels, cattle, cats, and bats.  Rarely, animal coronaviruses can infect people and then spread between people. This occurred with MERS-CoV and SARS-CoV, and now with the virus that causes COVID-19. The SARS-CoV-2 virus is a betacoronavirus, like MERS-CoV and SARS-CoV. All three of these viruses have their origins in bats. The sequences from U.S. patients are similar to the one that China initially posted, suggesting a likely single, recent emergence of this virus from an animal reservoir. However, the exact source of this virus is unknown.More information about the source and spread of COVID-19 is available on the Situation Summary: Source and Spread of the Virus.|1
With symptoms ranging from a gasping death to nothing at all, one has to wonder whether COVID-19 is a super flu or a mild cold.  Have we ruined our economy over nothing or saved millions of people from death?  If COVID-19 is a mild cold, how did we mistake it for a super flu? There are over 200 different viruses that cause the common cold.  The most common are rhinoviruses, coronaviruses, adenoviruses, and respiratory syncytial viruses.  The average person gets one to three colds per year, and due to the large variety of viruses responsible, there is no vaccine.  Influenza is another common respiratory virus.  Cold or flu, respiratory viruses present similar symptoms and follow the same life cycle.  Launched into the environment from their current host, they might survive long enough to find another.  Typically by inhalation, they might make their way to the mucosa.  They might make it past the wall of mucus to the underlying cells, where they might manage to infect one.  Irritated by the intruder, the cells send an alarm and macrophages soon begin the equivalent of carpet bombing.  The release of cytotoxic chemicals causes tissue damage and even more irritation.  The mucosa releases more mucus, filling the sinuses and dripping into the lungs.  Cilia move mucus out of the lungs up to the throat, where most of it makes its way to the stomach, but coughing is also an option, launching virus into the environment. The more specialized 'T' and 'B' lymphocytes make their way to the infection where they test the infectious agent to determine if they are a good match.  Once a 'B' cell matches close enough, the precision strikes start.  The adaptive immune system further alters its genetics to make an even better match.  For example, the common coronaviruses, HCoV-229E, OC43, NL63 and HKU1 look a lot like the SARS coronaviruses and prior infection with one provides partial immunity to the others (acquired immunity). This is the important part: the bulk of the damage and symptoms are caused by the immune response, not the virus.  This is why all of those vastly different respiratory viruses have similar symptoms, and even airborne irritants cause cold-like symptoms (e.g. allergies).  It is highly unlikely that any respiratory virus will ever be a super flu, because the severity of the illness is limited to the body's ability to damage itself.  Not that the body lacks such an ability.  Consider what might happen if multiple irritants were present simultaneously, such as chronic emphysema (from pollution or dust), allergies or diabetes (sugar is inflammatory). Why is SARS so bad?  When the virus infects the upper respiratory tract we get a stuffy nose.  When the virus infects the lower respiratory tract we get stuffy lungs.  SARS-like coronaviruses typically infect the upper tract but can get down into the lungs, more than typical for cold viruses.  SARS-like coronaviruses are cold viruses, ones with increased potential for a very bad, but not uncommon outcome. We measure the danger of communicable diseases by the proportion of infected people that die and how well they spread.  Flu is the standard, killing about 0.1% of the infected with about a 30% chance of spreading to same-household family members.  COVID-19 looks to kill about 1.5% of infected people and has about a 55% chance of infecting a family member. Deadly and virulent, so why suspect that this might be a mild cold? There is a problem with the denominator.  We only test those who report to doctors, but colds are so common and symptoms can be so mild that only 1-in-5 to 1-in-10 infected people go to the doctor.  The mortality rate from COVID-19 might be closer to 0.15%, more in line with influenza. There might be many more cases, to a level that COVID-19 already ripped through the United States.  Although it was widely reported that this outbreak began on December 31st, the World Health Organization's charts show COVID-19 deaths declining by January 10, and the first confirmed cases appearing around December 2nd.  Cases outside of Wuhan grew in parallel with Wuhan, rather than delayed, suggesting that COVID-19 was already widespread in China by mid-December, a good trick for a country with state-limited mobility.  If only 1-in-5 people ended up in the hospital, this could have begun in late-to-mid November.  The Diamond Princess was infected by a guest who boarded on January 20th and Milan was infected by visitors on January 23rd, so this had already spread through China enough that they were spreading it to the world.  There have been a few reports that the Chinese were noticing something happening in October. If the start date was a month or more before December 31st, then we are not talking about 7,000 cases in the U.S. starting in early February, but 6,000,000 to 10,000,000 cases starting in late December. This means that rather than a 0.15% mortality, COVID-19 is nearly harmless.  If fewer than 1-in-5 people are reporting to their doctor, the start of COVID-19 is pushed back even further, enlarging the number of infected to point that COVID-19 is this year's common cold, and most people have already had it. How could we miss harmless?  COVID-19 was so bad in Wuhan that the Chinese and WHO concluded it was SARS.  The possibility of pollution-induced chronic emphysema or the incompetence of socialized medicine complicating a cold into a super flu was never considered.  China, and then the rest of the world, focused on those who were wheezing for breath, even going so far as to decline testing people (in the vicinity of the infected) just because they were breathing normally, sending them on their merry way to infect others.  We focused on the extremely ill, everyone did, turning to China and the WHO for guidance.  Oops? We put fearmongers in charge. Dr. Anthony Fauci is the head of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID).  As the head of NIAID, one of Fauci's core responsibilities is to get Congress to spend more money on infectious disease research.  For decades, he has testified that the cure for AIDS is right around the corner, that ebola virus is coming for us, or that some cross-species plague will emerge from a Chinese wet market, and we just need more money to research it.  The current events have played right into his fantasy, but as pointed out above, it is a fantasy.  This is the equivalent of noticing holes in the ozone layer and then putting Chicken Little, an expert on the sky, in charge of the response. We eventually realized that the holes were always there, and we will eventually realize the true magnitude of COVID-19, years from now, hidden in the scientific literature.  But there are already hints.  China reported a decline within a week of starting its "social distancing" in early February, but the decline was already apparent in late January.  The U.S. is seeing a booming increase after its social distancing, as medical professionals are starting to test more people with sniffles and no history of contact with the known infected.  Could it be that the disease was already burning out in China, and we are taking our focus off the worst cases in the U.S.?  COVID-19 is shaping up to be a mild cold, and potentially a very mild one at that.|0
COVID-19 is a new disease and there is limited information regarding risk factors for severe disease. Based on currently available information and clinical expertise, older adults and people of any age who have serious underlying medical conditions might be at higher risk for severe illness from COVID-19.|1
Wash your hands often with soap and water for at least 20 seconds, especially after going to the bathroom; before eating; after blowing your nose, coughing, or sneezing; and after handling anything that's come from outside your home. If soap and water are not readily available, use an alcohol-based hand sanitizer with at least 60% alcohol, covering all surfaces of your hands and rubbing them together until they feel dry.Always wash hands with soap and water if hands are visibly dirty.The CDC's handwashing website has detailed instructions and a video about effective handwashing procedures.|1
How Vitamin C Reduces Severity and Deaths from Serious Viral Respiratory Diseases. Most deaths from coronavirus are caused by pneumonia. Vitamin C has been known, for over 80 years, to greatly benefit pneumonia patients.In 1936 Gander and Niederberger found that vitamin C lowered fever and reduced pain in pneumonia patients.Also in 1936, Hochwald independently reported similar results. He gave 500 mg of vitamin C every ninety minutes.McCormick gave 1000 mg vitamin C intravenously, followed by 500 mg orally every hour. He repeated the injection at least once. On the fourth day, his patient felt so well that he voluntarily resumed work, with no adverse effects.In 1944 Slotkin and Fletcher reported on the prophylactic and therapeutic value of vitamin C in bronchopneumonia, lung abscess, and purulent bronchitis. "Vitamin C has greatly alleviated this condition and promptly restored normal pulmonary function." Slotkin further reported that "Vitamin C has been used routinely by the general surgeons in the Millard Fillmore Hospital, Buffalo, as a prophylactic against pneumonia, with complete disappearance of this complication."According to the US Centers for Disease Control, there are about 80,000 dead from annual influenzas, escalating to pneumonia, in the USA. Coronavirus is a very serious contagious disease. But contagion to a virus largely depends on the susceptibility of the host. It is well established that low vitamin C levels increase susceptibility to viruses.Vitamin C lowers mortality. It is one thing to be sick from a virus and another thing entirely to die from a viral-instigated disease. It must be emphasized that a mere 200 mg of vitamin C/day resulted in an 80% decrease in deaths among severely ill, hospitalized respiratory disease patients.A single, cheap, big-box discount store vitamin C tablet will provide more than twice the amount used in the study above.And yes, with vitamin C, more is better.Frederick R. Klenner and Robert F. Cathcart successfully treated influenza and pneumonia with very high doses of vitamin C. Klenner published on his results beginning in the 1940s; Cathcart beginning in the 1970s.They used both oral and intravenous administration."Vitamin C is effective in reducing duration of severe pneumonia in children less than five years of age. Oxygen saturation was improved in less than one day."A recent placebo controlled study concluded that "vitamin C should be included in treatment protocol of children with pneumonia so that mortality and morbidity can be reduced." In this study, the majority of the children were infants under one year of age. By body weight, the modest 200 mg dose given, to tiny babies, would actually be the equivalent of 2,000-3,000 mg/day for an adult.Although many will rightly maintain that the dose should be high, even a low supplemental amount of vitamin C saves lives. This is very important for those with low incomes and few treatment options.We're talking about twenty cents' worth of vitamin C a day to save lives now.|0
Is this the month (March 2020) when the world changed forever? Maybe future generations will never know this date as the time our civil liberties died and this coordinated move to supress humanity succeeded on a global scale. Who is going to fight this now? Thanks to the 24-hour news stream of information about the coronavirus “pandemic”, we are now seeing the submissive subtle introduction of a military medical state that has become the will of the people. Germ warfare would seem to be the victor. The people are now convinced. Prisons are over run, so your home has become a prison. With many of us living in built up urban areas, have we somehow willingly paid for our own asylum? First introduce the devil and then the angel (an untested vaccine) that protects you from the foe. It’s a phenomenal global chess move by the invisible elite.Humanity is out of control… Or was. Maybe this is where the curve changes. Either way, our world will probably never be the same again. For whilst everyone is locked up indoors, hiding from an invisible virus, division lines have already been drawn. The fight is already over before it began. We have now been made so wary of each other, no one talks face to face for fear of infection, families and friends have been separated as we “self isolate” and practice “social distancing.” No need for heavy handed crowd control when suspicion is made the norm. For there is a far subtler silent killer in our midst and no one is to be trusted. This globally simulated man made viral attack has ramped up over such a short period of time, that it has already led to what can only be seen as the beginning of the New World Order.Mass demonstrations are a thing of the past, as now we fear each other.Any organised protests against deploying new radiation emitting technology (call it 5G, call it whatever you want), digital ID chips and state enforced vaccines have been dealt with and crushed. The noise of information we are bombarded with has meant no one knows the truth anymore. Probably including this article. We now fear each other too much to even have a get together and a gossip, it’s all done via video links and remote access, we are being de-humanised, whilst the idea of gathering on the streets to protest is now widely accepted as a criminal act. Herd the people in, get them indoors, get them home and keep them scared. Change the financial model, with industry ground to a halt, its our livelihoods that are also now under threat. So introduce further control in the hope that it will return to us what we have lost. It shows just how flimsy our world is and how reliant we all are upon the system.As we now enter an age where you can be fined, or beaten for even going out onto the streets, whilst everyone agrees you probably “deserved it”. Mass electrification of our planet has in fact massively increased in the last 6 months. Radiation emitting satellites are already everywhere and soon they will be on every street corner. It’s no surprise that people will show more “flu-like symptoms” with this huge surge in radiation. So of course a virus pandemic makes for a perfect scape goat. We all carry radiation devices in our pockets. We wear it on our wrists, put it in our ears, we stare at it all day, sleep with it at night and use it to pay for everything we touch and eat. These are water de-structuring devices that alter our heart rates. We are electrical beings; we are made up of water and energy. All of this damage to our cells makes our bodies sick. The damaged cells build up in our sinuses and secrete as phlegm – it’s easy to mistake these as “flu-like symptoms.”Bear in mind also that the side effects of radiation is infertility and need we say more. The resulting increase in cancer will be kept as a mystery from the wider world and the slow down of the birth rate easily blamed on other factors, rather than the inevitable by-product of mass 5G technology. Add to this the vaccines and it becomes a cataclysm of a health catastrophe. Inject aluminium in people and they become electrical magnetic conductors. 5G towers are now being installed in schools and public places, while everyone stays at home, begging for a time when they can be released, get tested, get the vaccine and return to their old systemic way of life. It’s both evil and genius.But ultimately very scary. And guess what? It’s all about to become legally binding too, as 5G will become protected by law with this terrifying new legislation going through Congress, as we speak: S.893 – Secure 5G and Beyond Act of 2020 Passed on 3rd March. The purpose of which is to “develop a strategy to secure and protect U.S. fifth and future generations (5G) systems and infrastructure.” Such strategy shall ensure the security of 5G wireless communications systems and infrastructure within the United States; assist mutual defense treaty allies, strategic partners, and other countries in maximizing the security of 5G systems and infrastructure. This is about to become a law!The Microchip society. The ID2020 Alliance combines vaccines with implantable microchips to create your digital ID. In a Reddit Q&A, billionaire philanthropist Bill Gates revealed his plan to use ‘digital certificates’ to identify those who have been tested for COVID-19: Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates will launch human-implantable capsules that have ‘digital certificates’ which can show who has been tested for the coronavirus and who has been vaccinated against it. The 64 year old “tech mogul” and most powerful medical figure on the planet, revealed this yesterday during a Reddit ‘Ask Me Anything’ session while answering questions on the COVID-19 Coronavirus Pandemic. Gates was responding to a question on how businesses will be able to operate while maintaining social distancing, and said that, “Eventually we will have some digital certificates to show who has recovered or been tested recently or when we have a vaccine who has received it.” The ‘digital certificates’ Gates was referring to are human-implantable ‘QUANTUM-DOT TATTOOS’ that researchers at MIT and Rice University are working on as a way to hold vaccination records. It was last year in December when scientists from the two universities revealed that they were working on these quantum-dot tattoos after Bill Gates approached them about solving the problem of identifying those who have not been vaccinated. The quantum-dot tattoos involve applying dissolvable sugar-based microneedles that contain a vaccine and fluorescent copper-based ‘quantum dots’ embedded inside biocompatible, micron-scale capsules. After the microneedes dissolve under the skin, they leave the encapsulated quantum dots, whose patterns can be read to identify the vaccine that was administered. The quantum-dot tattoos will likely be supplemented with Bill Gates’ other undertaking called ID2020, which is an ambitious project by Microsoft to solve the problem of over 1 billion people who live without an officially recognized identity. ID2020 is solving this through digital identity. Currently, the most feasible way of implementing digital identity is either through smartphones or RFID microchip implants. The latter will be Gates’s likely approach not only because of feasibility and sustainability, but also because for over 6 years,the Gates Foundation has been funding another project that incorporates human-implantable microchip implants. This project, also spearheaded by MIT, is a birth control microchip implant that will allow women to control contraceptive hormones in their bodies. As for ID2020, to see it through, Microsoft has formed an alliance with four other companies, namely; Accenture, IDEO, Gavi, and the Rockefeller Foundation.The project is supported by the United Nations and has been incorporated into the UN’s Sustainable Development Goals initiative. But, on the other hand, this is Bill Gates’ perfect opportunity to see the projects through because as the coronavirus continues to spread and more people continue to die from the pandemic, the public at large is becoming more open to problem-solving technologies that will contain the spread of the virus. Last year in November, a Denmark-based tech company which had contracts to produce microchip implants for the Danish Government and the US Navy, had to cancel the launch of its supposedly “revolutionary” Internet-of-Things powered microchip implant after Christian activists attacked its offices in Copenhagen.Back in 2018 an article by Jay Greenberg, in Neon Nettle, described how Bill Gates had developed a new microchip, along with researchers at MIT, that will allow for adjustments to be made to a person’s hormone levels via remote control, in a bid to reduce the planet’s population.The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation has been working in conjunction with a small Massachusetts startup to develop the “digital pill” that will enable women’s fertility to be switched on or off, remotely, with the touch of a button.The new “digital version of the contraceptive” pill will be tested in Africa this year where the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation has spent years developing vaccination and family planning programs.Following testing, the microchips are due to be rolled out globally in 2018 with “every woman in America” replacing their regular contraceptive pill with the new remote-controlled chips, according to Gates.According to Forbes:A TED Talk by Gates from 2015 recently emerged called “The Next Outbreak? We’re Not Ready,” given during the Ebola epidemic, but as the White House administration faces criticism for not reacting quick enough, Gates reiterated that, “We did know it would happen at some point, either with a flu or some other respiratory virus…There was almost no funding.”Following the eventual end of the pandemic, Gates hopes that countries can work together to better prepare for similar situations, including the “need to have the ability to scale up diagnostics, drugs and vaccines very rapidly…the technologies exist to do this well if the right investments are made”; the $100 million his and his wife Melinda’s Gates Foundation donated to fight the coronavirus is focused on those three areas.Dr. Anthony Fauci, the director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, this week said that mass production of a vaccine would likely not occur for another 12-18 months, and Gates concurred, saying that lots of manufacturing will need to be built to provide “billions of vaccines to protect the world” and that the first vaccines, which would “go to healthcare workers and critical workers…could happen before 18 months if everything goes well, but we and Fauci and others are being careful not to promise this when we are not sure.”Gates called for a “national tracking system similar to South Korea, saying that “in Seattle, the [University of Washington] is providing thousands of tests per day but no one is connected to a national tracking system” and that “Whenever there is a positive test it should be seen to understand where the disease is and whether we need to strengthen the social distancing.”He also stated: “My retiring from public boards was not related to the epidemic but it does reinforce my decision to focus on the work of the foundation including it’s work to help with the epidemic.” So fast forward to now and watch this video as this unnamed man announces the microchip vaccine. He says: “The military are in place… With mandated vaccines in the State of Oklahoma to vaccinate everyone in that state, there will be “no free travel without proof that certain levels of the population have the vaccines.” With plans that include road blocks and blockades to hold people that prove they have the vaccine.Metal bracelets that contain the chip, with your information.“They either kill you with the injection, or you refuse to take it… get taken away and be incarcerated.”I’m sure we have all seen law enforcement brutality across the world now, as in this video today in Ecuador, the man is beaten with batons and told to say he will not go out on the streets again, another scape goat to show the civilians what happens if you break the curfew.Now also watch this video from a Secret Service personnel, who spells it out. Stating: “No matter if you have a flu like symptom, do not take any vaccines… If you take the vaccine, the corona virus is in the vaccine. We are in the middle of a revolution. This is an Intelligence Operation. It began in 2011 to over throw this government and to stop many things happening around the world. Implement a Pandemic that would panic the world… Get people sick. They set off 5G in the area which set off flu like Symptoms where they were given the Corona Virus vaccines, so that they died in the street with the cameras ready. So you could see it…. Even celebrities were claimed to have the virus. They were simply used as a set up. Tom Hanks did not get the Corona Virus.The Coronavirus Bill in the UK. Further alarming news for British citizens today is the Coronavirus Bill that is going largely unchallenged through the House of Commons. IMPORTANT INFORMATION FOR ALL IN THE UK RE. NEW DACONIAN LAWS BEING DRAWN UP AS A CONSEQUENCE OF THE COVID-19 PSYOP “TODAY The emergency Coronavirus Bill will be rushed through as law. Today sees the 2nd reading, if passed it will immediately proceed to 3rd and on. It contains the most draconian powers ever proposed in peace-time Britain. It will be rushed through Parliament and the powers will last two years. The powers will affect your freedom and take away your rights. Forced detention and isolation can be of anyone, including children, and for any amount of time. Authorities can FORCEABLY take biological samples from your body. There’s no clear access to legal rights from as-yet unidentified isolation facilities. Powers last up to 2.5 years Lockdown powers could prevent protests against measures. State surveillance safeguards weakened. Protections from forced detainment and treatment under Mental Health Act lowered. Cremations can be enforced against personal and religious wishes. Changes to the court system. Registration of deaths. No inquests into suspicious deaths! No requirement for any medical certification for burials or cremations! It also indemnifies the health service should they fail for what ever reason to provide care. The most frightening part. Only one medical ‘officer’ is required to sign off COMPULSORY TREATMENT ORDER which means… in the real world you can be forced to accept medication. Or held down and injected with whatever is seen fit. THAT is the biggest and worst threat to your own freedoms. Schedule8 Pt1. Local Authorities will now be exempted from compliance with their duties under The Care Act 2014. Schedule 11.The BBC wont be telling you that bit. So, if someone dies in police custody or any type of custody they can simply dispose of the body without any paperwork, medical exam, or certification, or inquest. Forget what that box in the corner of your room is ‘programming’ you with. Get the facts. I’m still wading through the rest. This is a terrible day for freedoms.”|0
While several drug trials are ongoing, there is currently no proof that hydroxychloroquine or any other drug can cure or prevent COVID-19. The misuse of hydroxychloroquine can cause serious side effects and illness and even lead to death. WHO is coordinating efforts to develop and evaluate medicines to treat COVID-19.|1
This is a “potential” slap in the face to the CDC, the US media and Big Pharma which is developing a multibillion dollar vaccination program.Big Pharma’s intent -with the support of the Western media- is to suppress relevant information on the features of the virus and how it can be cured. Treatment is currently the object (in several countries including the US) of debate by virologists and physicians. Dr. Zelenko’s  treatment on the use of hydroxychloroquine is in this regard of utmost importance.Michel  Chossudovsky, Global Research, March 24, 2020.Note to our readers. Do not take medicine without a formal prescription from your physician or family doctor.Over the weekend Dr. Vladimir Zelenko from New York state announced he has found a treatment against the coronavirus with a 100% success rate on 350 patients.Dr. Zelenko joined Sean Hannity earlier today on his radio program to discuss the results from his test.The New York doctor also posted a video explaining his success with hydroxychloroquine and Zinc.  His treatment resulted in the shortness of breath issue being resolved in 4 to 6 hours.  Dr. Zelenko in his study had zero deaths, zero hospitalizations and zero intubations!Later on Monday evening Sean Hannity invited two more medical experts on to discuss Dr. Zelenko’s coronavirus results.The two doctors were cautiously optimistic.Via Hannity:We updated this post to note Dr. Zelenko used Zinc supplement and not Z-Paks in his treatment.|0
From the evidence so far, the COVID-19 virus can be transmitted in ALL AREAS, including areas with hot and humid weather. Regardless of climate, adopt protective measures if you live in, or travel to an area reporting COVID-19. The best way to protect yourself against COVID-19 is by frequently cleaning your hands. By doing this you eliminate viruses that may be on your hands and avoid infection that could occur by then touching your eyes, mouth, and nose.|1
A researcher with ties to China was recently escorted out of the National Microbiology Lab (NML) in Winnipeg amid an RCMP investigation into what’s being described as a possible “policy breach.”Dr. Xiangguo Qiu, her husband Keding Cheng and an unknown number of her students from China were removed from Canada’s only level-4 lab on July 5, CBC News has learned. A Level 4 virology facility is a lab equipped to work with the most serious and deadly human and animal diseases. That makes the Arlington Street lab one of only a handful in North America capable of handling pathogens requiring the highest level of containment, such as Ebola.Security access for the couple and the Chinese students was revoked, according to sources who work at the lab and do not want to be identified because they fear consequences for speaking out.Sources say this comes several months after IT specialists for the NML entered Qiu’s office after-hours and replaced her computer. Her regular trips to China also started being denied.Corona virus. A Canadian made pathogen weaponized and leaked by China and named after a Mexican beer. That, is multiculturalism.|0
University of Maryland Chief Quality Officer and Chief of Infectious Diseases Dr. Faheem Younus tweeted on March 16: “Wrong: Most young patients with coronavirus will be able to hold their breaths for much longer than 10 seconds. And many elderly without the virus won’t be able to do it.”On March 17, Dr. Thomas Nash, a New York Presbyterian Hospital internist, pulmonologist and infectious disease specialist, told Reuters the breath test was “just made up.”Different posts mistakenly source the claim to an unnamed Stanford Hospital Board member, a Japanese doctor or Taiwanese experts. On March 13, Stanford University tweeted, “Misinformation about COVID-19 symptoms and treatment falsely attributed to Stanford is circulating on social media and in email forwards. It is not from Stanford.”Stanford Health Care spokeswoman Lisa Kim told CNN on March 17 that the "dangerous" claim was not from Stanford Medicine and "contains inaccurate information."The March 13 post claimed the breath test checked for fibrosis caused by COVID-19. The post read, “By the time they have fever and/or cough and go to the hospital, the lung is usually 50% Fibrosis and it's too late.”Fibrosis is defined as “the overgrowth, hardening, and/or scarring of various tissues” caused by “chronic inflammatory reactions induced by a variety of stimuli including persistent infections, autoimmune reactions, allergic responses, chemical insults, radiation, and tissue injury.”Dr. Robert Legare Atmar, an infectious disease specialist at Baylor College of Medicine called the post’s language "extremely alarmist" to CNN on March 17.Nash told Reuters that “fibrosis takes months if not years to develop.”Although COVID-19 can lead to pneumonia in some patients, which can eventually lead to fibrosis, Nash said this virus “is brand new and no one on the planet knows if it causes fibrosis.”’The post also claimed  the development of pneumonia was the second symptom of COVID-19, but according to the World Health Organization only patients with severe cases develop pneumonia.Along with fibrosis and pneumonia, the post misrepresents COVID-19 symptoms as feeling “like you’re drowning.”Atmar said COVID-19 patients likely wouldn’t experience that symptom, “That does not sound like any other respiratory virus people are infected with and many patients with coronavirus have not had nasal infection at all."In addition to the breath test, Facebook posts suggest ineffective methods to protect against the virus such as drinking large amounts of water, gargling saltwater and exposure to heat and sun.A similar March 12 Facebook post with nearly 200 shares read, “Even if the virus gets into your mouth, drinking water and other fluids will help wash it down ... the hydrochloric acid in your stomach will kill the germs. If you do not drink enough water regularly, the virus can enter the airways and into your lungs”.Younas debunked the water method on Twitter, “Virus may gain entry via throat but it penetrates into the host cells. You can’t wash it away. Excessive water will make you run to the toilet.”PolitFact and Snopes both discredited the claim that “you should also gargle as a prevention” method. Both found that while gargling does ease throat discomfort there is no evidence that it kills the virus.The March 13 Facebook post also claimed that COVID-19 “hates the sun” and could be killed by just “26/27 degrees,” which is about 78 degrees Fahrenheit. PolitiFact debunked the claim that sun exposure kills the virus. The WHO warns that hot baths and warm climates do not prevent the spread of COVID-19.|1
Now that the state and its media have falsely characterized the coronavirus as a pandemic closing in on the 1918 flu pandemic (falsely attributed to Spain), it is time for the global elite and their technocrats to force not only highly-profitable (for Big Pharma) vaccines on the world but biometric IDs as well. “As countries begin to lift coronavirus lockdowns, biometric identification can help verify those who have already had the infection, and ensure that the vulnerable get the vaccine when it is launched, health and technology experts said,” reports Reuters. A biometric ID system can keep a record of [the infected] and those getting the vaccine, said Larry Dohrs, Southeast Asia head at iRespond, a Seattle-based nonprofit that launched its technology last month.The pretense for this—as it was for the US decimation of Libya, Syria, and Iraq—is “humanitarianism,” according to iRespond and Simprints, a British NGO partnered with Johns Hopkins University’s Global mHealth Initiative, the latter connected to the US military and its “Dark Winter” and “Event 201” pandemic scenarios (see Whitney Webb: All Roads Lead to Dark Winter). Total surveillance requires 24/7 monitoring of individuals—especially those included in the Main Core database of activists and political enemies of the state—and biometric technology introduced during the hysteria of an exaggerated health threat fits the bill. President Vladimir Putin: Who Armed the Terrorists in Syria? Who Created the Islamic State (ISIS).ID2020—a project initiated by the Rockefeller Foundation, Bill Gates and Microsoft, transnational pharmaceutical corporations, and technology firms—is pushing the concept that every human on the planet needs biometric verification because “to prove who you are is a fundamental and universal human right,” according to the ID2020 website. “What they really want is a fully standardized data collection and retrieval format, and cross-border sharing of identities of the entire population of the planet, in order for the stand-alone AI-powered command center to work without a hitch, and for purposes of calculating everyone’s potential contribution, and threat to the system,” explains OffGrid Healthcare. If you believe this is dangerously close to China’s “social credit” system, you’re not far off the mark.Introducing this totalitarian technology under the cover of a supposed pandemic rife with speculation and a dearth of hard numbers is a near-perfect cover for “patient ID technology” producing data on individuals shared with the state and its corporate partners. A vaccine ostensibly designed to combat COVID-19 will become mandatory and those who resist will be blacklisted as public health criminals. They will be locked out of society, similar to Chinese citizens suffering under China’s totalitarian social credit system. Martin Armstrong believes the healthcare-industrial complex and the state will surreptitiously introduce a nanotech ID and tracking chip along with a cocktail of vaccine toxins, or they will sell it to the public as a way to identify those presumably infected.The proposal is a digital certificate that verifies if you have been vaccinated and was developed by MIT and Microsoft. They are looking at merging this with Bill Gates’ ID2020. It is entirely possible that this scare has been a deliberate plot to get people to accept these digital implants. Refuse, and you will be prohibited from social gatherings. Like 9/11 conditioned us to be x-rayed before entering a plane, now the next stage is to embed digital markers that they have been using in dogs and cats.COVID-19 is the perfect Trojan horse for a control freak state itching to not only micromanage the lives of ordinary citizens but also ferret out critics and potential adversaries and punish them as enemies of the state. The latter is the primary objective. History is replete with examples—from Stalin and Mao to Hitler and Mussolini, with lesser autocrats and dictators along the way. |0
Ultraviolet light has been injected into the body for years as a treatment to kill bacteria and viruses |0
This is about the COVID-19 (coronavirus) outbreak that began in China in late 2019. The World Health Organization (WHO) has declared the outbreak a pandemic. This means that it has spread across the world. This virus can cause a severe lung infection, and it can cause death. You can use our information to talk with your doctor if you are concerned about COVID-19.|1
COVID-19, a disease that many experts weren’t expecting for a hundred thousand years, is a highly modified version of the Wuhan Horseshoe Bat Virus. It is not plausible that COVID-19 developed without a gene-splicing laboratory. The odds against such a disease developing naturally are astronomical yet we are continually informed of the opposite.|0
The science behind what makes this coronavirus so sneaky, deadly and difficult to defeat. Viruses have spent billions of years perfecting the art of surviving without living — a frighteningly effective strategy that makes them a potent threat in today’s world.That’s especially true of the deadly new coronavirus that has brought global society to a screeching halt. It’s little more than a packet of genetic material surrounded by a spiky protein shell one-thousandth the width of an eyelash, and it leads such a zombielike existence that it’s barely considered a living organism.But as soon as it gets into a human airway, the virus hijacks our cells to create millions more versions of itself.Researchers hope new visualization of SARS-CoV-2 will show them how to defeat it.There is a certain evil genius to how this coronavirus pathogen works: It finds easy purchase in humans without them knowing. Before its first host even develops symptoms, it is already spreading its replicas everywhere, moving onto its next victim. It is powerfully deadly in some but mild enough in others to escape containment. And for now, we have no way of stopping it.As researchers race to develop drugs and vaccines for the disease that has already sickened 350,000 and killed more than 15,000 people, and counting, this is a scientific portrait of what they are up against.‘Between chemistry and biology’, Respiratory viruses tend to infect and replicate in two places: In the nose and throat, where they are highly contagious, or lower in the lungs, where they spread less easily but are much more deadly.This new coronavirus, SARS-CoV-2, adeptly cuts the difference. It dwells in the upper respiratory tract, where it is easily sneezed or coughed onto its next victim. But in some patients, it can lodge itself deep within the lungs, where the disease can kill. That combination gives it the contagiousness of some colds, along with some of the lethality of its close molecular cousin SARS, which caused a 2002-2003 outbreak in Asia.Another insidious characteristic of this virus: By giving up that bit of lethality, its symptoms emerge less readily than those of SARS, which means people often pass it to others before they even know they have it.It is, in other words, just sneaky enough to wreak worldwide havoc.Viruses much like this one have been responsible for many of the most destructive outbreaks of the past 100 years: the flus of 1918, 1957 and 1968; and SARS, MERS and Ebola. Like the coronavirus, all these diseases are zoonotic — they jumped from an animal population into humans. And all are caused by viruses that encode their genetic material in RNA.That’s no coincidence, scientists say. The zombielike existence of RNA viruses makes them easy to catch and hard to kill.Outside a host, viruses are dormant. They have none of the traditional trappings of life: metabolism, motion, the ability to reproduce.And they can last this way for quite a long time. Recent laboratory research showed that, although SARS-CoV-2 typically degrades in minutes or a few hours outside a host, some particles can remain viable — potentially infectious — on cardboard for up to 24 hours and on plastic and stainless steel for up to three days. In 2014, a virus frozen in permafrost for 30,000 years that scientists retrieved was able to infect an amoeba after being revived in the lab.When viruses encounter a host, they use proteins on their surfaces to unlock and invade its unsuspecting cells. Then they take control of those cells’ molecular machinery to produce and assemble the materials needed for more viruses.“It’s switching between alive and not alive,” said Gary Whittaker, a Cornell University professor of virology. He described a virus as being somewhere “between chemistry and biology.”Among RNA viruses, coronaviruses — named for the protein spikes that adorn them like points of a crown — are unique for their size and relative sophistication. They are three times bigger than the pathogens that cause dengue, West Nile and Zika, and are capable of producing extra proteins that bolster their success.“Let’s say dengue has a tool belt with only one hammer,” said Vineet Menachery, a virologist at the University of Texas Medical Branch. This coronavirus has three different hammers, each for a different situation.Among those tools is a proofreading protein, which allows coronaviruses to fix some errors that happen during the replication process. They can still mutate faster than bacteria but are less likely to produce offspring so riddled with detrimental mutations that they can’t survive.Meanwhile, the ability to change helps the germ adapt to new environments, whether it’s a camel’s gut or the airway of a human unknowingly granting it entry with an inadvertent scratch of her nose.Scientists believe that the SARS virus originated as a bat virus that reached humans via civet cats sold in animal markets. This current virus, which can also be traced to bats, is thought to have had an intermediate host, possibly an endangered scaly anteater called a pangolin.“I think nature has been telling us over the course of 20 years that, ‘Hey, coronaviruses that start out in bats can cause pandemics in humans, and we have to think of them as being like influenza, as long-term threats,’” said Jeffery Taubenberger, virologist with the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases.Funding for research on coronaviruses increased after the SARS outbreak, but in recent years that funding has dried up, Taubenberger said. Such viruses usually simply cause colds and were not considered as important as other viral pathogens, he said.The search for weapons. Once inside a cell, a virus can make 10,000 copies of itself in a matter of hours. Within a few days, the infected person will carry hundreds of millions of viral particles in every teaspoon of his blood.The onslaught triggers an intense response from the host’s immune system: Defensive chemicals are released. The body’s temperature rises, causing fever. Armies of germ-eating white blood cells swarm the infected region. Often, this response is what makes a person feel sick.Andrew Pekosz, a virologist at Johns Hopkins University, compared viruses to particularly destructive burglars: They break into your home, eat your food, use your furniture and have 10,000 babies. “And then they leave the place trashed,” he said.Unfortunately, humans have few defenses against these burglars.Most antimicrobials work by interfering with the functions of the germs they target. For example, penicillin blocks a molecule used by bacteria to build their cell walls. The drug works against thousands of kinds of bacteria, but because human cells don’t use that protein, we can ingest it without being harmed.But viruses function through us. With no cellular machinery of their own, they become intertwined with ours. Their proteins are our proteins. Their weaknesses are our weaknesses. Most drugs that might hurt them would hurt us, too.For this reason, antiviral drugs must be extremely targeted and specific, said Stanford virologist Karla Kirkegaard. They tend to target proteins produced by the virus (using our cellular machinery) as part of its replication process. These proteins are unique to their viruses. This means the drugs that fight one disease generally don’t work across multiple ones.And because viruses evolve so quickly, the few treatments scientists do manage to develop don’t always work for long. This is why scientists must constantly develop new drugs to treat HIV, and why patients take a “cocktail” of antivirals that viruses must mutate multiple times to resist.“Modern medicine is constantly needing to catch up to new emerging viruses,” Kirkegaard said.SARS-CoV-2 is particularly enigmatic. Though its behavior is different from that of its cousin SARS, there are no obvious differences in the viruses’ spiky protein “keys” that allow them to invade host cells.Understanding these proteins could be critical to developing a vaccine, said Alessandro Sette, head of the center for infectious disease at the La Jolla Institute for Immunology. Previous research has shown that the spike proteins on SARS are what trigger the immune system’s protective response. In a paper published this month, Sette found the same is true of SARS-CoV-2.This gives scientists reason for optimism, according to Sette. It affirms researchers’ hunch that the spike protein is a good target for vaccines. If people are inoculated with a version of that protein, it could teach their immune system to recognize the virus and allow them to respond to the invader more quickly.“It also says the novel coronavirus is not that novel,” Sette said.And if SARS-CoV-2 is not so different from its older cousin SARS, then the virus is probably not evolving very fast, giving scientists developing vaccines time to catch up.In the meantime, Kirkegaard said, the best weapons we have against the coronavirus are public health measures, such as testing and social distancing, and our own immune systems.Some virologists believe we have one other thing working in our favor: the virus itself.For all its evil genius and efficient, lethal design, Kirkegaard said, “the virus doesn’t really want to kill us. It’s good for them, good for their population, if you’re walking around being perfectly healthy.”Evolutionarily speaking, experts believe, the ultimate goal of viruses is to be contagious while also gentle on their hosts — less a destructive burglar and more a considerate house guest.That’s because highly lethal viruses like SARS and Ebola tend to burn themselves out, leaving no one alive to spread them.But a germ that’s merely annoying can perpetuate itself indefinitely. One 2014 study found that the virus causing oral herpes has been with the human lineage for 6 million years. “That’s a very successful virus,” Kirkegaard said.Seen through this lens, the novel coronavirus that is killing thousands across the world is still early in its life. It replicates destructively, unaware that there’s a better way to survive.But bit by bit, over time, its RNA will change. Until one day, not so far in the future, it will be just another one of the handful of common cold coronaviruses that circulate every year, giving us a cough or sniffle and nothing more.|1
Public health experts around the globe are scrambling to understand, track, and contain a new virus that appeared in Wuhan, China, at the beginning of December 2019. The World Health Organization (WHO) named the disease caused by the virus COVID-19, which references the type of virus and the year it emerged. The WHO declared that the virus is a pandemic.The Verge is regularly updating this page with all the latest news and analysis.You can see where and how many cases of the illness have been reported in this map. The majority of the illnesses were initially in China, where the virus first emerged, but the rate of new cases there has nearly stopped. There are now many times more cases outside of China than there were inside of it at the height of the outbreak. There are large outbreaks of the disease in multiple places, including Spain, Italy, and the United States, which currently has the worst outbreak of any country in the world.As this important story continues to unfold, our hope is to answer all of your questions as people work to understand this virus and contain its spread.|1
Some viruses, like the common cold and flu, spread more when the weather is colder. But it is still possible to become sick with these viruses during warmer months.At this time, we do not know for certain whether the spread of COVID-19 will decrease when the weather warms up. But a new report suggests that warmer weather may not have much of an impact.The report, published in early April by the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering and Medicine, summarized research that looked at how well the COVID-19 coronavirus survives in varying temperatures and humidity levels, and whether the spread of this coronavirus may slow in warmer and more humid weather.The report found that in laboratory settings, higher temperatures and higher levels of humidity decreased survival of the COVID-19 coronavirus. However, studies looking at viral spread in varying climate conditions in the natural environment had inconsistent results.The researchers concluded that conditions of increased heat and humidity alone may not significantly slow the spread of the COVID-19 virus.|1
Stay aware of the latest information on the COVID-19 outbreak, available on the WHO website and through your national and local public health authority. Most people who become infected experience mild illness and recover, but it can be more severe for others. Take care of your health and protect others by doing the following: Wash your hands frequently. Regularly and thoroughly clean your hands with an alcohol-based hand rub or wash them with soap and water.Why? Washing your hands with soap and water or using alcohol-based hand rub kills viruses that may be on your hands. Maintain social distancing. Maintain at least 1 metre (3 feet) distance between yourself and anyone who is coughing or sneezing. Why? When someone coughs or sneezes they spray small liquid droplets from their nose or mouth which may contain virus. If you are too close, you can breathe in the droplets, including the COVID-19 virus if the person coughing has the disease. Avoid touching eyes, nose and mouth. Why? Hands touch many surfaces and can pick up viruses. Once contaminated, hands can transfer the virus to your eyes, nose or mouth. From there, the virus can enter your body and can make you sick. Practice respiratory hygiene. Make sure you, and the people around you, follow good respiratory hygiene. This means covering your mouth and nose with your bent elbow or tissue when you cough or sneeze. Then dispose of the used tissue immediately. Why? Droplets spread virus. By following good respiratory hygiene you protect the people around you from viruses such as cold, flu and COVID-19. If you have fever, cough and difficulty breathing, seek medical care early. Stay home if you feel unwell. If you have a fever, cough and difficulty breathing, seek medical attention and call in advance. Follow the directions of your local health authority. Why? National and local authorities will have the most up to date information on the situation in your area. Calling in advance will allow your health care provider to quickly direct you to the right health facility. This will also protect you and help prevent spread of viruses and other infections. Stay informed and follow advice given by your healthcare providerStay informed on the latest developments about COVID-19. Follow advice given by your healthcare provider, your national and local public health authority or your employer on how to protect yourself and others from COVID-19. Why? National and local authorities will have the most up to date information on whether COVID-19 is spreading in your area. They are best placed to advise on what people in your area should be doing to protect themselves.|1
Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) task force head Dr. Anthony Fauci doesn’t want Americans taking hydroxychloroquine, or chloroquine, to treat the virus, and many people are wondering why not?One of them is White House economic advisor Peter Navarro, who reportedly exploded at Fauci the other day for trying to downplay the benefits of this extremely inexpensive generic drug for malaria, while emphasizing the alleged superiority of some future vaccine for the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) that doesn’t even exist yet.Even though hydroxychloroquine is shaping up to be the most effective weapon in the arsenal – at least from a pharmaceutical perspective – for treating this coronavirus, Fauci isn’t having any of it. And that’s because, as he’s now proven, he works for Big Vaccine and not for the American people.During a recent roundtable, which was reportedly attended by Wuhan coronvirus (COVID-19) response coordinator Deborah Birx, Jared Kushner, acting Homeland Security Secretary Chad Wolf, and Food and Drug Administration (FDA) acting commissioner Stephen Hahn, Navarro passed out folders containing data on the benefits of hydroxychloroquine.According to Navarro and what he passed out, the studies he’s seen, mostly from overseas, show that this malaria drug shows “clear therapeutic efficacy” against the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19), and it can be procured for just pennies per dose.Almost immediately, Fauci began pushing back against Navarro’s claims, stating that “there’s only anecdotal evidence” that hydroxychloroquine works against COVID-19. This “just set Peter off,” according to one of the others who was present, prompting Navarro to explain that “science, not anecdote” shows that hydroxychloroquine does, in fact, work against the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19).Listen below to The Health Ranger Report as Mike Adams, the Health Ranger, talks to Dr. Eduard Fatakhov about how to beat the coronavirus through nutrition:Navarro also called out Fauci for opposing Trump’s early travel restrictions.In his heated rant against Fauci’s nonsense, Navarro went on to chastise Fauci for being one of the earliest voices to oppose President Donald Trump’s early travel restrictions with China, emphasizing that Fauci had claimed that “travel restrictions don’t work.”The group ended up agreeing that the best path forward is to get the drug to the “hot zones” because it does help, and to allow patients to make the decision whether or not to use hydroxychloroquine themselves with the guidance of their physicians.During a recent press conference, President Trump also indicated that he had ordered 29 million doses of hydroxychloroquine to be placed into the Strategic National Stockpile.“There has never been a confrontation in the task force meetings like the one yesterday,” claimed a source about Navarro’s outburst at Fauci. “People speak up and there’s robust debate, but there’s never been a confrontation. Yesterday was the first confrontation.”When polled about the effectiveness of hydroxychloroquine, about 37 percent of some 6,227 doctors in 30 countries indicated that it is currently the “most effective therapy” that they have at their disposal. This is compared to at least 14 other potential treatment options that are currently available.A whopping 72 percent of COVID-19 cases in Spain have had hydroxychloroquine prescribed, while almost half of all cases in Italy have had the drug prescribed. Hydroxychloroquine is also being used in about 41 percent of Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) cases in Brazil, 39 percent of cases in Mexico, 28 percent of cases in France, and 23 percent of cases in the United States.Overall, almost 20 percent of physicians are now prescribing hydroxychloroquine for their high-risk patients, while a mere eight percent are prescribing it for their low-risk patients.|0
Last year a mysterious shipment was caught smuggling Coronavirus from Canada. It was traced to Chinese agents working at a Canadian lab. Subsequent investigation by GreatGameIndia linked the agents to Chinese Biological Warfare Program from where the virus is suspected to have leaked causing the Wuhan Coronavirus outbreak.On June 13, 2012 a 60-year-old Saudi man was admitted to a private hospital in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, with a 7-day history of fever, cough, expectoration, and shortness of breath. He had no history of cardiopulmonary or renal disease, was receiving no long-term medications, and did not smoke.Egyptian virologist Dr. Ali Mohamed Zaki isolated and identified a previously unknown coronavirus from his lungs. After routine diagnostics failed to identify the causative agent, Zaki contacted Ron Fouchier, a leading virologist at the Erasmus Medical Center (EMC) in Rotterdam, the Netherlands, for advice.Fouchier sequenced the virus from a sample sent by Zaki. Fouchier used a broad-spectrum “pan-coronavirus” real-time polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) method to test for distinguishing features of a number of known coronaviruses known to infect humans.This Coronavirus sample was acquired by Scientific Director Dr. Frank Plummer of Canada’s National Microbiology Laboratory (NML) in Winnipeg directly from Fouchier, who received it from Zaki. This virus was reportedly stolen from the Canadian lab by Chinese agents.The Canadian Lab. Coronavirus arrived at Canada’s NML Winnipeg facility on May 4, 2013 from the Dutch lab. The Canadian lab grew up stocks of the virus and used it to assess diagnostic tests being used in Canada. Winnipeg scientists worked to see which animal species can be infected with the new virus.Research was done in conjunction with the Canadian Food Inspection Agency’s national lab, the National Centre for Foreign Animal Diseases which is housed in the same complex as the National Microbiology Laboratory.NML has a long history of offering comprehensive testing services for coronaviruses. It isolated and provided the first genome sequence of the SARS coronavirus and identified another coronavirus NL63 in 2004.This Winnipeg based Canadian lab was targeted by Chinese agents in what could be termed as Biological Espionage.Chinese Biological Espionage. In March 2019, in mysterious event a shipment of exceptionally virulent viruses from Canada’s NML ended up in China. The event caused a major scandal with Bio-warfare experts questioning why Canada was sending lethal viruses to China. Scientists from NML said the highly lethal viruses were a potential bio-weapon.Following investigation, the incident was traced to Chinese agents working at NML. Four months later in July 2019, a group of Chinese virologists were forcibly dispatched from the Canadian National Microbiology Laboratory (NML). The NML is Canada’s only level-4 facility and one of only a few in North America equipped to handle the world’s deadliest diseases, including Ebola, SARS, Coronavirus, etc.The NML scientist who was escorted out of the Canadian lab along with her husband, another biologist, and members of her research team is believed to be a Chinese Bio-Warfare agent Xiangguo Qiu. Qiu was the head of the Vaccine Development and Antiviral Therapies Section in the Special Pathogens Program at Canada’s NML.Xiangguo Qiu is an outstanding Chinese scientist born in Tianjin. She primarily received her medical doctor degree from Hebei Medical University in China in 1985 and came to Canada for graduate studies in 1996. Later on, she was affiliated with the Institute of Cell Biology and the Department of Pediatrics and Child Health of the University of Manitoba, Winnipeg, not engaged with studying pathogens.But a shift took place, somehow. Since 2006, she has been studying powerful viruses in Canada’s NML. The viruses shipped from the NML to China were studied by her in 2014, for instance (together with the viruses Machupo, Junin, Rift Valley Fever, Crimean-Congo Hemorrhagic Fever and Hendra).Infiltrating the Canadian Lab.Dr. Xiangguo Qiu is married to another Chinese scientist – Dr. Keding Cheng, also affiliated with the NML, specifically the “Science and Technology Core”. Dr. Cheng is primarily a bacteriologist who shifted to virology. The couple is responsible for infiltrating Canada’s NML with many Chinese agents as students from a range of Chinese scientific facilities directly tied to China’s Biological Warfare Program, namely:Institute of Military Veterinary, Academy of Military Medical Sciences, Changchun. Center for Disease Control and Prevention, Chengdu Military Region. Wuhan Institute of Virology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Hubei. Institute of Microbiology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing. All of the above four mentioned Chinese Biological Warfare facilities collaborated with Dr. Xiangguo Qiu within the context of Ebola virus, the Institute of Military Veterinary joined a study on the Rift Valley fever virus too, while the Institute of Microbiology joined a study on Marburg virus. Noticeably, the drug used in the latter study – Favipiravir – has been earlier tested successfully by the Chinese Academy of Military Medical Sciences, with the designation JK-05 (originally a Japanese patent registered in China already in 2006), against Ebola and additional viruses.However, the studies by Dr. Qiu are considerably more advanced and apparently vital for the Chinese biological weapons development in case Coronavirus, Ebola, Nipah, Marburg or Rift Valley fever viruses are included therein.The Canadian investigation is ongoing and questions remain whether previous shipments to China of other viruses or other essential preparations, took place from 2006 to 2018, one way or another.Dr. Xiangguo Qiu also collaborated in 2018 with three scientists from the US Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases, Maryland, studying post-exposure immunotherapy for two Ebola viruses and Marburg virus in monkeys; a study supported by the US Defense Threat Reduction Agency.The Wuhan Coronavirus.Dr. Xiangguo Qiu made at least five trips over the school year 2017-18 to the above mentioned Wuhan National Biosafety Laboratory of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, which was certified for BSL4 in January 2017. Moreover, in August 2017, the National Health Commission of China approved research activities involving Ebola, Nipah, and Crimean-Congo hemorrhagic fever viruses at the Wuhan facility.Coincidentally, the Wuhan National Biosafety Laboratory is located only 20 miles away from the Huanan Seafood Market which is the epicenter of the Coronavirus outbreak dubbed the Wuhan Coronavirus.The Wuhan National Biosafety Laboratory is housed at the Chinese military facility Wuhan Institute of Virology linked to China’s Biological Warfare Program. It was the first ever lab in the country designed to meet biosafety-level-4 (BSL-4) standards – the highest biohazard level, meaning that it would be qualified to handle the most dangerous pathogens. In January 2018, the lab was operational ‘for global experiments on BSL-4 pathogens,’ wrote Guizhen Wu in the journal Biosafety and Health. ‘After a laboratory leak incident of SARS in 2004, the former Ministry of Health of China initiated the construction of preservation laboratories for high-level pathogens such as SARS, coronavirus, and pandemic influenza virus,’ wrote Guizhen Wu.Coronavirus Bioweapon.The Wuhan institute has studied coronaviruses in the past, including the strain that causes Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome, or SARS, H5N1 influenza virus, Japanese encephalitis, and dengue. Researchers at the institute also studied the germ that causes anthrax – a biological agent once developed in Russia.“Coronaviruses (particularly SARS) have been studied in the institute and are probably held therein,” said Dany Shoham, a former Israeli military intelligence officer who has studied Chinese biowarfare. He said. “SARS is included within the Chinese BW program, at large, and is dealt with in several pertinent facilities.”James Giordano, a neurology professor at Georgetown University and senior fellow in Biowarfare at the U.S. Special Operations Command, said China’s growing investment in bio-science, looser ethics around gene-editing and other cutting-edge technology and integration between government and academia raise the spectre of such pathogens being weaponized. That could mean an offensive agent, or a modified germ let loose by proxies, for which only China has the treatment or vaccine. “This is not warfare, per se,” he said. “But what it’s doing is leveraging the capability to act as global saviour, which then creates various levels of macro and micro economic and bio-power dependencies.”China’s Biological Warfare Program.In a 2015 academic paper, Shoham – of Bar-Ilan’s Begin-Sadat Center for Strategic Studies – asserts that more than 40 Chinese facilities are involved in bio-weapon production.China’s Academy of Military Medical Sciences actually developed an Ebola drug – called JK-05 — but little has been divulged about it or the defence facility’s possession of the virus, prompting speculation its Ebola cells are part of China’s bio-warfare arsenal, Shoham told the National Post.Ebola is classified as a “category A” bioterrorism agent by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, meaning it could be easily transmitted from person to person, would result in high death rates and “might cause panic.” The CDC lists Nipah as a category C substance, a deadly emerging pathogen that could be engineered for mass dissemination.China’s Biological Warfare Program is believed to be in an advanced stage that includes research and development, production and weaponization capabilities. Its current inventory is believed to include the full range of traditional chemical and biological agents with a wide variety of delivery systems including artillery rockets, aerial bombs, sprayers, and short-range ballistic missiles.Weaponizing Biotech. China’s national strategy of military-civil fusion has highlighted biology as a priority, and the People’s Liberation Army could be at the forefront of expanding and exploiting this knowledge. The PLA is pursuing military applications for biology and looking into promising intersections with other disciplines, including brain science, supercomputing, and artificial intelligence. Since 2016, the Central Military Commission has funded projects on military brain science, advanced biomimetic systems, biological and biomimetic materials, human performance enhancement, and “new concept” biotechnology.In 2016, an AMMS doctoral researcher published a dissertation, “Research on the Evaluation of Human Performance Enhancement Technology,” which characterized CRISPR-Cas as one of three primary technologies that might boost troops’ combat effectiveness. The supporting research looked at the effectiveness of the drug Modafinil, which has applications in cognitive enhancement; and at transcranial magnetic stimulation, a type of brain stimulation, while also contending that the “great potential” of CRISPR-Cas as a “military deterrence technology in which China should “grasp the initiative” in development.In 2016, the potential strategic value of genetic information led the Chinese government to launch the National Genebank, which intends to become the world’s largest repository of such data. It aims to “develop and utilize China’s valuable genetic resources, safeguard national security in bioinformatics, and enhance China’s capability to seize the strategic commanding heights” in the domain of Biotechnology Warfare.Chinese military’s interest in biology as an emerging domain of warfare is guided by strategists who talk about potential “genetic weapons” and the possibility of a “bloodless victory.”|0
The coronavirus pandemic has completely changed our way of life, shut down entire countries and shuttered businesses across the globe. After an initial outbreak of disease in Wuhan, China, that began in December 2019, the novel virus has spread to over 180 countries, with the US and the European nations of Spain, Italy and France the worst hit. As scientists and researchers race toward a vaccine, governments are attempting to mitigate the economic damage with stimulus checks and tax cuts and contain further spread of the disease with social distancing measures and lockdowns.Researchers linked the pathogen to a family of viruses known as coronaviruses in January. That family contains viruses responsible for previous outbreaks of the respiratory diseases SARS and MERS, as well as some cases of the common cold. On March 11, Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, director-general of the World Health Organization, announced the outbreak of the disease, dubbed COVID-19, would be declared a pandemic. It is the first time any coronavirus has been characterized as such.The situation continues to evolve as more information becomes available. We've collated everything we know about the virus, what's next for researchers, what steps you can take to reduce your risk, how to deal with quarantines and lockdowns, and how governments are providing assistance such as stimulus checks.Our coronavirus pandemic hub will show you the latest stories. Clicking on the titles below will take you to the relevant section of the guide:What is a coronavirus?Coronaviruses belong to a family known as "Coronaviridae," and under an electron microscope they look like spiked rings. They're named for these spikes, which form a halo or "crown" (corona is Latin for crown) around the viral body. Coronaviruses contain a single strand of RNA (as opposed to DNA, which is double-stranded) within their viral body (or "viral envelope"). As a virus, they can't reproduce without getting inside living cells and hijacking the machinery within. The spikes on the viral envelope help coronaviruses bind to cells, and then get inside them as if jimmying their way through a locked door. Once inside, they turn the cell into a virus factory -- the RNA and a handful of enzymes use the cell's machinery to produce more viruses, which are then shipped out of the cell and infect other cells. Thus, the cycle starts anew.Coronavirus in pictures: Scenes from around the world. Typically, these types of viruses are found in animals ranging from livestock and household pets to wildlife such as bats. Some are responsible for disease, like the common cold. If they make the jump to humans, they can cause fever, respiratory illness and inflammation in the lungs. In immunocompromised individuals, such as the elderly or those with HIV-AIDS, such viruses can cause severe respiratory illness, resulting in pneumonia and even death.Extremely pathogenic coronaviruses were behind the diseases SARS (severe acute respiratory syndrome) and MERS (Middle East respiratory syndrome) over the last two decades. These viruses were easily transmitted from human to human but were suspected to have passed through different animal intermediaries: SARS was traced to civet cats and MERS to dromedary camels. SARS, which showed up in the early 2000s, infected more than 8,000 people and resulted in nearly 800 deaths. MERS, which appeared in the early 2010s, infected almost 2,500 people and led to more than 850 deaths.You're going to be inundated with new terms and phrases you may never have heard before during this pandemic -- if you're finding yourself confused, head to CNET's guide on the most commonly used phrases.What is COVID-19?In the early days of the outbreak, the media, medical experts and health professionals were referring to "the coronavirus" as a catch-all term to discuss the outbreak of illness. But a coronavirus is a type of virus, rather than the virus or the disease it causes. To alleviate the confusion and streamline reporting, the WHO has named the new disease COVID-19 (for coronavirus disease 2019). "Having a name matters to prevent the use of other names that can be inaccurate or stigmatizing," said WHO's Tedros. "It also gives us a standard format to use for any future coronavirus outbreaks."The Coronavirus Study Group, part of the International Committee on Taxonomy of Viruses, was responsible for naming the novel coronavirus itself. The novel coronavirus -- the one that causes the disease -- is known as SARS-CoV-2. The group "formally recognizes this virus as a sister to severe acute respiratory syndrome coronaviruses (SARS-CoVs)," the species responsible for the SARS outbreak in 2002-2003. In the simplest terms: The novel coronavirus is officially named SARS-CoV-2. The disease caused by SARS-CoV-2 is officially named COVID-19. What is a pandemic? On March 11, the WHO classified the COVID-19 outbreak a pandemic. "Pandemic is not a word to use lightly or carelessly. It is a word that, if misused, can cause unreasonable fear, or unjustified acceptance that the fight is over, leading to unnecessary suffering and death," said Tedros at a press briefing.So what is it?Both the CDC and the WHO have different definitions, and if you look in a dictionary, you may find something different again. In the simplest terms, a pandemic can be defined as "a worldwide outbreak of a new disease." The "new" is key here, because many diseases persist in the population and spread each year. For example, influenza (the flu) infects a lot of people every year and can be found across the world. Unlike COVID-19, it's been circulating in the community for centuries and there's some natural immunity to it, plus we know so much about it we can protect ourselves against common strains. What does this all mean? The COVID-19 virus itself didn't change. It hasn't become more dangerous and hasn't mutated to infect people more quickly. And the risk of being infected doesn't exponentially increase now that the word "pandemic" is being used. But it's a way to describe what's happening and more succinctly understand the urgency of the situation.Where did the virus come from?The virus appears to have originated in Wuhan, a Chinese city about 650 miles south of Beijing that has a population of more than 11 million people. Prestigious medical journal The Lancet published an extensive summary of the clinical features of some of the first patients infected with the disease stretching back to Dec. 1, 2019. The Huanan Seafood Wholesale Market, which sells fish, as well as a panoply of meat from other animals, including bats, snakes and pangolins, was implicated in the original spread in early January. However, the very first patient identified had not been exposed to the market, suggesting the virus may have originated elsewhere and been transported to the market, where it was able to thrive or jump into new hosts -- whether human or animal. Chinese authorities shut down the market on Jan. 1. Live animal markets have been implicated in the origin and spread of viral diseases in past epidemics. A majority of the people confirmed to have come down with the coronavirus in the early days of the outbreak had been to the Huanan Seafood marketplace in previous weeks. The market appears to be an integral piece of the puzzle, but research into the likely origin and connecting a "patient zero" to the initial spread is ongoing. A group of Chinese scientists uploaded a paper to preprint website biorXiv, having studied the viral genetic code and compared it to the previous SARS coronavirus and other bat coronaviruses. They discovered the genetic similarities run deep: The virus shares 80% of its genes with the previous SARS virus and 96% of its genes with bat coronaviruses. Importantly, the study also demonstrated the virus can get into and hijack cells the same way SARS did, using a human receptor known as ACE2.A paper published in the journal Nature Medicine on March 17 assessed the genome of the virus in great detail, coming to similar conclusions to the preprint, categorically stating that it arose due to natural evolution. "Our analyses clearly show that SARS-CoV-2 is not a laboratory construct or a purposefully manipulated virus," wrote the collaboration of researchers from institutions across the US, UK and Australia. The ant-eating pangolin, a small, scaly mammal, has also been implicated in the spread of SARS-CoV-2. According to The New York Times, it may be one of the most trafficked animals in the world. The virus likely originated in bats but may have been able to hide out in the pangolin, before spreading from that animal to humans. Researchers caution that the full data hasn't yet been published, but coronaviruses similar to SARS-CoV-2 have been found in pangolins before. All good science builds off previous discoveries -- and there is still more to learn about the basic biology of SARS-CoV-2 before we have a good grasp of exactly which animal vector is responsible for transmission -- but the genetic sequence of the virus is a clue: It tells us the virus must have originated in bats and may have jumped through an intermediary to a human.How do we know it's a new coronavirus?The Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention dispatched a team of scientists to Wuhan to gather information about the new disease and to perform testing in patients, hoping to isolate the virus. Their work, published in the New England Journal of Medicine on Jan. 24, examined samples from three patients. Using an electron microscope, which can resolve images of cells and their internal structures, and studying the genetic code, the team visualized and genetically identified the novel coronavirus.Understanding the genetic code helps researchers in two ways: It allows them to create tests that can identify the virus from patient samples, and it gives them potential insight into creating treatments or vaccines.The Peter Doherty Institute in Melbourne, Australia, was able to identify and grow the virus in a lab from a patient sample, and announced its discovery on Jan. 28. This provides laboratories with the capability to both assess and provide expert information to health authorities and detect the virus in patients suspected of harboring the disease. It's also a valuable step in crafting a viable vaccine. How does the coronavirus spread?This is one of the major questions researchers struggled to answer in the early days of the outbreak but now seems pretty settled. The first infections were potentially the result of animal-to-human transmission, but confirmation of human-to-human transmission was obtained in late January. As the virus spread, local transmission was seen across the world.The WHO says the virus can move from person to person via:Respiratory droplets -- when a person sneezes or coughs.Direct contact with infected individuals.Contact with contaminated surfaces and objects.A handful of viruses, including MERS, can survive for periods in the air after being sneezed or coughed from an infected individual. Although recent reports suggest the novel coronavirus may be transmitted in this way, the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention have reiterated there is no evidence for this. Writing in The Conversation on Feb. 14, virologists Ian Mackay and Katherine Arden explain "no infectious virus has been recovered from captured air samples."Further research has shown SARS-CoV-2 may linger in the air for extended periods of time, which is particularly notable for health workers. It's estimated the virus can stay suspended in the air for a period of about 30 minutes. Social distancing measures become ever more important here because only those close to infected individuals are expected to be exposed to large quantities of the virus in the air. How long can the coronavirus survive on surfaces?There's still a lot to learn about the hardiness of this particular virus, but similar members of the coronavirus family have been explored in detail, including the coronaviruses responsible for the SARS and MERS outbreaks. Particularly notable is an article published on Feb. 6 in The Journal of Hospital Infection, which looked at a host of previous studies (22 in total) and found coronaviruses may persist on surfaces for up to nine days. A study in the New England Journal of Medicine on March 17 took a deeper look at how stable the SARS-CoV-2 virus is in the air and on surfaces. There's a chance the virus survives on cardboard for up to 24 hours, while on copper surfaces it seems to only survive for around 4 hours. On plastic and steel, it might survive up to three days.A chief concern for the public has been whether package shipments could help spread the virus. Different materials can keep the virus alive for longer outside the body, but a range of factors needs to be taken into account when evaluating virus survival. The CDC is still investigating this but has come up with numbers for certain surfaces.The CDC will continue to investigate but believes the risk of contracting coronavirus from packages is still low. The WHO notes it is "very unlikely" you would see the coronavirus persist after being moved, traveled and exposed to different conditions. Best tip? Wash your hands after handling any packages if you're concerned (and just wash your hands, a lot, in general). What are the symptoms?The new coronavirus causes symptoms similar to those of previously identified disease-causing coronaviruses. In currently identified patients, there seems to be a spectrum of illness: A large number experience mild pneumonia-like symptoms, while others have a much more severe response.On Jan. 24, the prestigious medical journal The Lancet published an extensive analysis of the clinical features of the disease.According to the report, patients present with this symptoms:Fever, elevated body temperature.Dry cough.Fatigue or muscle pain.Breathing difficulties.Less common symptoms include these:Coughing up mucus or blood.Headaches.Diarrhea.Kidney failure. As the disease progresses, patients also develop pneumonia, which inflames the lungs and causes them to fill with fluid. This can be detected by an X-ray. How infectious is the coronavirus?The "r nought" (R0) value of the coronavirus is an indicator of how successfully it spreads from person to person. This metric helps determine the basic reproduction number of an infectious disease. In the simplest terms, the value relates to how many people can be infected by one person carrying the disease. Infectious diseases such as measles have an R0 of 12 to 18, which is remarkably high. The SARS epidemic of 2002-2003 had an R0 of around 3. A handful of studies modeling the COVID-19 outbreak have given a similar value with a range between 1.4 and 3.8. However, there is plenty of variation between studies and models attempting to predict the R0 of novel coronavirus due to the constantly changing number of cases. It seems to have settled on a figure around 2.2, meaning every infected person infects 2 others. It should be stressed these studies are informative, but they aren't definitive and because the virus spreads differently depending on location and the severity of lockdown/quarantine measures, it can vary by country. "Some experts are saying it is the most infectious virus ever seen -- that is not correct," says Raina MacIntyre, a professor of global biosecurity at the University of New South Wales in Australia.Another aspect impacting the spread of the disease is whether it spreads before symptoms are present or without showing symptoms at all. This appears to be true, but it's more likely you'll have mild symptoms. This complicates matters because it allows people to spread the disease without even knowing. This also makes airport screening less impactful, because harboring the disease but showing no signs could allow it to insidiously spread further.How many cases are asymptomatic? It's still hard to tell. Various analyses have been undertaken in the past three months to try to establish a figure, with the number of asymptomatic cases ranging from 10% up to 50% of cases. This is why there's been a move to screen and test people who aren't showing symptoms -- they might be spreading the disease unknowingly, so identifying them would prevent continuous spread through the community.Should you make your own hand sanitizer?A panic surrounding the spread of the coronavirus has gripped consumers, and store shelves have been emptied. Shoppers have raced out to buy up whatever they can: toilet paper, acetaminophen (also know as paracetamol), pasta and, of course, hand sanitizer. As CNET Wellness editor Sarah Mitroff reports, most places in the US have sold out of the latter, as have many online stores.That led to widespread reports about making your own hand sanitizer -- but experts warn that you risk making a sanitizer that either isn't effective or is way too harsh. In CNET's guide to DIY hand sanitizer, we also rule out using hard liquor. Recipes that call for vodka or spirits should be avoided entirely, because you need a high-proof liquor to get the right concentration of alcohol by volume. That's because most liquor is mixed with water, so if you mix an 80-proof vodka (which is the standard proof) with aloe, you'll have hand sanitizer that contains roughly only 40% alcohol. The alternative is to wash your hands. As the CDC and WHO continue to suggest, washing your hands with soap and water for around 20 seconds is one of the best ways to protect yourself from getting sick right now. You should also avoid touching your face if you can, as the virus can be transferred into the body if you've been in contact with someone who's infected. Is there a treatment for the coronavirus?Coronaviruses are hardy organisms. They're effective at hiding from the human immune system, and we haven't developed any reliable treatments or vaccines to eradicate them. In most cases, health officials attempt to deal with the symptoms."There is no recognized therapeutic against coronaviruses," said Mike Ryan, executive director of the WHO Health Emergencies Programme, during a press conference on Jan. 29. That still holds true at present. "The primary objective in an outbreak related to a coronavirus is to give adequate support of care to patients, particularly in terms of respiratory support and multiorgan support."  Notably, because they are viruses, coronaviruses are not susceptible to antibiotics. Antibiotics are medicines designed to fight bacteria and don't do any damage to the SARS-CoV-2 virus. There are no specific treatments for COVID-19 as yet, though a number are in the works including experimental antivirals, which can attack the virus, and existing drugs targeted at other viruses like HIV which have shown some promise.Can you take ibuprofen for coronavirus?Ibuprofen, an anti-inflammatory drug sold under various names such as Brufen, Nurofen and Advil, has been linked with adverse outcomes for patients with COVID-19. It's important to stress there are no studies to point to specifically looking at ibuprofen usage and adverse outcomes for COVID-19, but French health officials have questioned whether it's a safe way to treat the fever associated with the disease.There have been conflicting messages from the World Health Organization, which appeared to suggest on March 17 to avoid ibuprofen and use paracetamol instead. A Twitter thread on March 18 clarified there are concerns with using the drug to treat fever in people with COVID-19, but the organization is "not aware of reports of any negative effects, beyond the usual ones that limit its use in certain populations".Those populations include people over 65 years of age and those suffering from conditions such as asthma, high blood pressure and liver or kidney problems. An article in The Lancet on March 11 showed the expression of the ACE2 receptor on human cells -- which the coronavirus uses to get inside and replicate -- may be increased due to ibuprofen use. Mixed messages and misinformation have been spreading online in regard to ibuprofen use so it's important to remember to check in with official health sources like the WHO. The BBC, speaking to British health experts, notes it's probably best to stick to paracetamol as a first choice. Is there a vaccine for coronavirus?Developing new vaccines takes time and they must be rigorously tested and confirmed safe via clinical trials before they can be routinely used in humans. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases in the US, has frequently stated that a vaccine is at least a year to 18 months away. Experts agree there's a ways to go yet. However, there is great progress being made, and a number of vaccine candidates have appeared in the time since COVID-19 was discovered. We've collated everything we know about potential vaccines and current treatment options that are being used around the world.In developing a vaccine that targets SARS-CoV-2, scientists are looking intensely at the spike proteins. These proteins, which are present on the surface of the virus, enable it to enter human cells where it can replicate and make copies of itself. Researchers have been able to map the projections in 3D, and research suggests they could be a viable antigen -- a fragment that stimulates the human body's immune system -- in any potential coronavirus vaccine. The protein is prevalent in coronaviruses we've battled in the past, too -- including the one that caused the SARS outbreak in China in 2002-03. This has given researchers a head start on building vaccines against part of the spike protein and, using animal models, they have already demonstrated an immune response.Notably, SARS, which infected around 8,000 people and killed around 800, seemed to run its course and then mostly disappear. It wasn't a vaccine that turned the tide on the disease but rather effective communication between nations and a range of tools that helped track the disease and its spread."We learnt that epidemics can be controlled without drugs or vaccines, using enhanced surveillance, case isolation, contact tracking, PPE and infection control measures," MacIntyre said.How to reduce your risk of coronavirus.The WHO recommends a range of measures to protect yourself from contracting the disease, based on good hand hygiene and good respiratory hygiene -- in much the same way you'd reduce the risk of contracting the flu. The novel coronavirus does spread and infect humans slightly differently to the flu, but because it predominantly affects the respiratory tract, the protection measures are similar.In early February, the US State Department issued a travel advisory with a blunt message: "Do Not Travel. Avoid all international travel due to the global impact of COVID-19." A similar warning from the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention advises people to "avoid nonessential travel."A Twitter thread, developed by the WHO, is below.You may also be considering buying a face mask to protect yourself from contracting the virus. You're not alone -- stocks of face masks have been selling out across the world, with Amazon and Walmart.com experiencing shortages. Reporting from Sydney in January, I found lines at the pharmacy extending down the street. Should I wear a face mask?The face mask has become a symbol of this pandemic. You'll see them no matter where you go these days, but the scientific underpinnings of using a mask to prevent coronavirus infection has been shaky. Advice has been revised time and again and varies depending on your location -- so check with your local health authority as to how you should proceed.That said, the US CDC in March revised its official guidelines for wearing a face covering in public settings. Due to a shortage of personal protective equipment across the country, some have even turned to making their own face masks -- what's the advice here? CNET's How To team has put together a complete guide on whether to wear a face mask or face covering and the exact recommendations that need to be followed.|1
Know how it spreads. There is currently no vaccine to prevent coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19).The best way to prevent illness is to avoid being exposed to this virus.The virus is thought to spread mainly from person-to-person.Between people who are in close contact with one another (within about 6 feet).Through respiratory droplets produced when an infected person coughs, sneezes or talks.These droplets can land in the mouths or noses of people who are nearby or possibly be inhaled into the lungs.Some recent studies have suggested that COVID-19 may be spread by people who are not showing symptoms.Everyone Should.hands wash icon.Wash your hands often.Wash your hands often with soap and water for at least 20 seconds especially after you have been in a public place, or after blowing your nose, coughing, or sneezing.If soap and water are not readily available, use a hand sanitizer that contains at least 60% alcohol. Cover all surfaces of your hands and rub them together until they feel dry.Avoid touching your eyes, nose, and mouth with unwashed hands.people arrows icon.Avoid close contact. Avoid close contact with people who are sick, even inside your home. If possible, maintain 6 feet between the person who is sick and other household members.Put distance between yourself and other people outside of your home.Remember that some people without symptoms may be able to spread virus.Stay at least 6 feet (about 2 arms’ length) from other people.Do not gather in groups.Stay out of crowded places and avoid mass gatherings.Keeping distance from others is especially important for people who are at higher risk of getting very sick.head side mask icon.Cover your mouth and nose with a cloth face cover when around others. You could spread COVID-19 to others even if you do not feel sick.Everyone should wear a cloth face cover when they have to go out in public, for example to the grocery store or to pick up other necessities.Cloth face coverings should not be placed on young children under age 2, anyone who has trouble breathing, or is unconscious, incapacitated or otherwise unable to remove the mask without assistance.The cloth face cover is meant to protect other people in case you are infected.Do NOT use a facemask meant for a healthcare worker.Continue to keep about 6 feet between yourself and others. The cloth face cover is not a substitute for social distancing.box tissue icon. Cover coughs and sneezes. If you are in a private setting and do not have on your cloth face covering, remember to always cover your mouth and nose with a tissue when you cough or sneeze or use the inside of your elbow.Throw used tissues in the trash.Immediately wash your hands with soap and water for at least 20 seconds. If soap and water are not readily available, clean your hands with a hand sanitizer that contains at least 60% alcohol.cleaning icon. Clean and disinfect. Clean AND disinfect frequently touched surfaces daily. This includes tables, doorknobs, light switches, countertops, handles, desks, phones, keyboards, toilets, faucets, and sinks.If surfaces are dirty, clean them. Use detergent or soap and water prior to disinfection.Then, use a household disinfectant. Most common EPA-registered household disinfectantsexternal icon will work.|1
Intravenous vitamin C is already being employed in China against COVID-19 coronavirus. I am receiving regular updates because I am part of the Medical and Scientific Advisory Board to the International Intravenous Vitamin C China Epidemic Medical Support Team. Its director is Richard Z. Cheng, MD, PhD; associate director is Hong Zhang, PhD. Among other team members are Qi Chen, PhD (Associate Professor, Kansas University Medical School); Jeanne Drisko, MD (Professor, University of Kansas Medical School); Thomas E. Levy, MD, JD; and Atsuo Yanagisawa, MD, PhD. (Professor, Kyorin University, Tokyo). To read the treatment protocol information in English.Direct report from China. OMNS Chinese edition editor Dr. Richard Cheng is reporting from China about the first approved study of 12,000 to 24,000 mg/day of vitamin C by IV. The doctor also specifically calls for immediate use of vitamin C for prevention of coronavirus (COVID-19). A second clinical trial of intravenous vitamin C was announced in China on Feb. 13th. In this second study, says Dr. Cheng, "They plan to give 6,000 mg/day and 12,000 mg/day per day for moderate and severe cases. We are also communicating with other hospitals about starting more intravenous vitamin C clinical studies. We would like to see oral vitamin C included in these studies, as the oral forms can be applied to more patients and at home." Additional information.And on Feb 21, 2020, announcement has been made of a third research trial now approved for intravenous vitamin C for COVID-19. Dr. Cheng, who is a US board-certified specialist in anti-aging medicine, adds: "Vitamin C is very promising for prevention, and especially important to treat dying patients when there is no better treatment. Over 2,000 people have died of the COIV-19 outbreak and yet I have not seen or heard large dose intravenous vitamin C being used in any of the cases. The current sole focus on vaccine and specific antiviral drugs for epidemics is misplaced."He adds that: "Early and sufficiently large doses of intravenous vitamin C are critical. Vitamin C is not only a prototypical antioxidant, but also involved in virus killing and prevention of viral replication. The significance of large dose intravenous vitamin C is not just at antiviral level. It is acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) that kills most people from coronaviral pandemics (SARS, MERS and now NCP). ARDS is a common final pathway leading to death."We therefore call for a worldwide discussion and debate on this topic."News of vitamin C research for COVID-19 is being actively suppressed. Anyone saying that vitamin therapy can stop coronavirus is already being labeled as "promoting false information" and promulgating "fake news." Even the sharing of verifiable news, and direct quotes from credentialed medical professionals, is being restricted or blocked on social media. You can see sequential examples of this phenomenon at my Facebook page.Indeed, the World Health Organization (WHO) has, literally, met with Google and Facebook and other media giants to stop the spread of what they declare to be wrong information.Physician-directed, hospital-based administration of intravenous vitamin C has been marginalized or discredited. Scientific debate over COVID-19 appears to not be allowed.Ironically, Facebook, blocking any significant users' sharing of the news of approved vitamin therapy research, is itself blocked in China by the Chinese government. As for the internet, yes, China has it. And yes, it is censored. But, significantly, the Chinese government has not blocked this real news on how intravenous vitamin C will save lives in the COVID-19 epidemic. Here is the protocol as published in Chinese.Medical orthodoxy obsessively focuses on searching for a vaccine and/or drug for coronavirus COVID-19). While they are looking for what would be fabulously profitable approaches, we have with vitamin C an existing, plausible, clinically demonstrated method to treat what coronavirus patients die from: severe acute respiratory syndrome, or pneumonia.And it is available right now.|0
Knowing what is accurate can protect you and your family.There’s a lot of information flying around, and knowing what is going on will go a long way toward protecting your family.[Stay Informed: The New York Times is providing free coverage of the crisis.]Johns Hopkins has a comprehensive web guide, as does Harvard Medical School. The C.D.C. has up-to-date information, and your local health department is a great resource for questions|1
Early in a coronavirus outbreak, unknowns are a given. But the global health community can’t afford to wait to see if a best- or worst-case scenario unfolds. Some post-haste priorities:Vaccine development: Make this is a top priority. Vaccines can dramatically slow disease spread though they can take at least a year to develop. Plans for large-scale production at different sites worldwide are also needed.Find treatments: Test possible antivirals—such as flu and HIV medications—for treatment options.Expand diagnostic capacity: Manufacture and distribute rapid diagnostic kits so cases can be identified quickly.Boost hospital readiness: Strengthen infection control procedures, train health workers, and keep masks, gowns, and gloves stocked.Communicate: Share facts (and unknowns) clearly with the public, and resist the temptation to withhold bad news.If the virus is ultimately less lethal than feared, or more easily contained, the extra effort will pay off when the next one strikes.|1
Governments love crises because when the people are fearful they are more willing to give up freedoms for promises that the government will take care of them. After 9/11, for example, Americans accepted the near-total destruction of their civil liberties in the PATRIOT Act’s hollow promises of security.It is ironic to see the same Democrats who tried to impeach President Trump last month for abuse of power demanding that the Administration grab more power and authority in the name of fighting a virus that thus far has killed less than 100 Americans.Declaring a pandemic emergency on Friday, President Trump now claims the power to quarantine individuals suspected of being infected by the virus and, as Politico writes, “stop and seize any plane, train or automobile to stymie the spread of contagious disease.” He can even call out the military to cordon off a US city or state.State and local authoritarians love panic as well. The mayor of Champaign, Illinois, signed an executive order declaring the power to ban the sale of guns and alcohol and cut off gas, water, or electricity to any citizen. The governor of Ohio just essentially closed his entire state.The chief fearmonger of the Trump Administration is without a doubt Anthony Fauci, head of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases at the National Institutes of Health. Fauci is all over the media, serving up outright falsehoods to stir up even more panic. He testified to Congress that the death rate for the coronavirus is ten times that of the seasonal flu, a claim without any scientific basis.On Face the Nation, Fauci did his best to further damage an already tanking economy by stating, “Right now, personally, myself, I wouldn’t go to a restaurant.” He has pushed for closing the entire country down for 14 days.Over what? A virus that has thus far killed just over 5,000 worldwide and less than 100 in the United States? By contrast, tuberculosis, an old disease not much discussed these days, killed nearly 1.6 million people in 2017. Where’s the panic over this?If anything, what people like Fauci and the other fearmongers are demanding will likely make the disease worse. The martial law they dream about will leave people hunkered down inside their homes instead of going outdoors or to the beach where the sunshine and fresh air would help boost immunity. The panic produced by these fearmongers is likely helping spread the disease, as massive crowds rush into Walmart and Costco for that last roll of toilet paper.The madness over the coronavirus is not limited to politicians and the medical community. The head of the neoconservative Atlantic Council wrote an editorial this week urging NATO to pass an Article 5 declaration of war against the COVID-19 virus! Are they going to send in tanks and drones to wipe out these microscopic enemies?People should ask themselves whether this coronavirus “pandemic” could be a big hoax, with the actual danger of the disease massively exaggerated by those who seek to profit – financially or politically – from the ensuing panic.That is not to say the disease is harmless. Without question people will die from coronavirus. Those in vulnerable categories should take precautions to limit their risk of exposure. But we have seen this movie before. Government over-hypes a threat as an excuse to grab more of our freedoms. When the “threat” is over, however, they never give us our freedoms back.|0
Which surfaces are the most infectious and how do you disinfect them? Experts weigh in.Touching any surface suddenly seems dangerous in the era of the new coronavirus.Fingers might pick up the microbe, which could lead to COVID-19 — the illness spreading around the world — when a person touches his or her face.How long does coronavirus live outside the body?The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates it could be viable for “hours to days.”A preliminary study published this week found the virus could be detected in the air for up to three hours after it was aerosolized with a nebulizer, up to four hours on copper, up to 24 hours on cardboard and up to two to three days on plastic and stainless steel.The newest research, which has not yet been peer reviewed, was conducted by scientists at the National Institutes of Health, Princeton University, the University of California and the CDC.Previously published studies have indicated coronaviruses in general — not specifically the new one — can last up to nine days on surfaces depending on the surface type, the heat, the humidity, exposure to sunlight and other factors, said Joseph Fair, a virologist, epidemiologist and NBC News Science contributor.“Coronaviruses have been with us for millions of years — not this one, but other coronaviruses,” Fair told TODAY.Since there’s no definitive data on the new bug yet, scientists have to err on the side of caution about how long it can stay active, he added.It’s important to note there hasn’t been a documented case of a person getting infected from a surface contaminated with the new coronavirus, according to the CDC.Transmission usually happens when people come in direct contact with respiratory droplets produced when a nearby infected person coughs or sneezes.How does that compare to other germs?The flu virus can stay active on some surfaces for up to 48 hours, according to the CDC.The Ebola virus can survive on doorknobs and countertops for several hours.The norovirus can survive up to four weeks on surfaces, said Charles Gerba, a professor of microbiology and immunology at The University of Arizona.Some bacteria can last much longer, Fair said.What affects how long the coronavirus stays active?Fair called sunlight “nature’s greatest disinfectant” because the ultraviolet light inactivates bacteria and viruses.Yes, the less porous a surface, the more virus you will get on your hands when you touch it, Gerba said.“You will pick up on your finger 70% of the viruses on stainless steel surfaces versus only 1% from a cloth surface or money,” he noted.That being said, Fair advised people to avoid handling cash, which he called “one of the most filthy things in our society, period.” Paper money is made of cotton, an absorbable surface that can get wet. The new coronavirus can potentially stay active on it for up to nine days just like on other surfaces, he said.Which surfaces are the most infectious?Any that are touched the most often, Fair said. That includes bathroom faucet handles, doorknobs, elevator buttons, hand rails and touchscreens on phones, tablets, and ATMs.They’re the dirtiest surfaces we come into contact with because so many people touch them.What kills viruses?Common cleaners with either bleach or alcohol as their active ingredient inactivate infectious viruses, Fair said.Coronaviruses are fairly sensitive to most disinfectants, including bleach, hydrogen peroxide and quaternary ammonium compounds, Gerba added. If the label says the cleaner will kill the influenza virus or norovirus, it will work against coronaviruses, too.“I would use disinfecting wipes because then you use the right dose of disinfectant and you usually let it dry so you get the right contact time for the disinfectant to work,” he noted.How often should you disinfect surfaces?Several times per day, especially frequently-touched items like a computer keyboard, phones and tablets, Fair advised.“It’s very good practice because those are the filthiest areas in your life,” he said.|1
Since the outbreak of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) began in December, a question at the forefront of many people's minds has been its mortality rate. Is the mortality rate of COVID-19 higher than that of influenza, but lower than that of severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS)?The trend in mortality reporting for COVID-19 has been typical for emerging infectious diseases. The case fatality rate (CFR) was reported to be 15% (six of 41 patients) in the initial period,1 but this estimate was calculated from a small cohort of hospitalised patients. Subsequently, with more data emerging, the CFR decreased to between 4·3% and 11·0%,2,  3 and later to 3·4%.4 The rate reported outside China in February was even lower (0·4%; two of 464).5View related content for this article. This pattern of decreasing CFRs is not surprising during the initial phase of an outbreak. Hard outcomes such as the CFR have a crucial part in forming strategies at national and international levels from a public health perspective. It is imperative that health-care leaders and policy makers are guided by estimates of mortality and case fatality.However, several factors can restrict obtaining an accurate estimate of the CFR. The virus and its clinical course are new, and we still have little information about them. Health care capacity and capability factors, including the availability of health-care workers, resources, facilities, and preparedness, also affect outcomes. For example, some countries are able to invest resources into contact tracing and containing the spread through quarantine and isolation of infected or suspected cases. In Singapore, where these measures have been implemented, the CFR of 631 cases (as of March 25, 2020) is 0·3%. In other places, testing might not be widely available, and proactive contact tracing and containment might not be employed, resulting in a smaller denominator and skewing to a higher CFR. The CFR can increase in some places if there is a surge of infected patients, which adds to the strain on the health-care system and can overwhelm its medical resources.A major challenge with accurate calculation of the CFR is the denominator: the number of people who are infected with the virus. Asymptomatic cases of COVID-19, patients with mild symptoms, or individuals who are misdiagnosed could be left out of the denominator, leading to its underestimation and overestimation of the CFR.A unique situation has arisen for quite an accurate estimate of the CFR of COVID-19. Among individuals onboard the Diamond Princess cruise ship, data on the denominator are fairly robust. The outbreak of COVID-19 led passengers to be quarantined between Jan 20, and Feb 29, 2020. This scenario provided a population living in a defined territory without most other confounders, such as imported cases, defaulters of screening, or lack of testing capability. 3711 passengers and crew were onboard, of whom 705 became sick and tested positive for COVID-19 and seven died,6 giving a CFR of 0·99%. If the passengers onboard were generally of an older age, the CFR in a healthy, younger population could be lower.Although highly transmissible, the CFR of COVID-19 appears to be lower than that of SARS (9·5%) and Middle East respiratory syndrome (34·4%),8 but higher than that of influenza (0·1%).We declare no competing interests.|1
Children, including very young children, can develop COVID-19. Many of them have no symptoms. Those that do get sick tend to experience milder symptoms such as low-grade fever, fatigue, and cough. Some children have had severe complications, but this has been less common. Children with underlying health conditions may be at increased risk for severe illness.A complication that has more recently been observed in children can be severe and dangerous. Called multisystem inflammatory syndrome in children (MIS-C), it can lead to life-threatening problems with the heart and other organs in the body. Early reports compare it to Kawasaki disease, an inflammatory illness that can lead to heart problems. But while some cases look very much like Kawasaki's, others have been different.Symptoms of MIS-C can include, fever lasting more than a couple of days, rash, conjunctivitis (redness of the white part of the eye), stomachache, vomiting and/or diarrhea, a large, swollen lymph node in the neck, red, cracked lips, a tongue that is redder than usual and looks like a strawberry, swollen hands and/or feet irritability and/or unusual sleepiness or weakness.Many conditions can cause these symptoms. Doctors make the diagnosis of MIS-C based on these symptoms, along with a physical examination and medical tests that check for inflammation and how organs are functioning. Call the doctor if your child develops symptoms, particularly if their fever lasts for more than a couple of days. If the symptoms get any worse or just don't improve, call again or bring your child to an emergency room.Doctors have had success using various treatments for inflammation, as well as treatments to support organ systems that are having trouble. While there have been some deaths, most children who have developed MIS-C have recovered.|1
Nearly all people exposed to COVID-19 in a New York study developed antibodies to the virus—even those who showed just mild symptoms, according to a New York Times analysis of a preprint study.Based on antibody tests on the first set of donors for a convalescent plasma therapy effort, the research showed that the vast majority of confirmed COVID-19 patients developed antibodies.While the presence of antibodies does not guarantee immunity, and the research is not yet peer-reviewed, it’s a hopeful sign that almost everyone who has been sick will experience some protective benefit, regardless of age, sex, or severity of illness.Questions over the accuracy of antibody tests have been an issue, but the antibody test used in the NY study of 1,343 people, developed by Florian Krammer, an Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai virologist, has a less than 1% chance of producing false-positives.“Winter” Is Coming... to the Rescue.A llama named Winter packs another cause for hope in the quest for an antibody treatment.Along with the rest of her herd in Belgium, she produces special antibodies—called nanobodies—prized for their staying power and ability to “get into nooks and crannies” in the body. An international team of scientists used tiny antibodies in Winter’s blood to engineer a new antibody that latches on to the spiky proteins on SARS-CoV-2 surface, “neutralizing” its ability to infect cells. Their work, published Tuesday in Cell, is preliminary and would need to be proven in animal studies before it could be tested in humans.|1
Coronavirus disease 2019, or COVID-19, is a new respiratory virus first identified in Wuhan, Hubei Province, China. |1
 the coronavirus SARS-CoV-2, which is responsible for the current pandemic, was purposely released by the Chinese in order to gain an economic advantage over other nations. |0
As we continually learn more about coronavirus and COVID-19, it can help to reacquaint yourself with some basic information. For example, understanding how the virus spreads reinforces the importance of social distancing and other health-promoting behaviors. Knowing how long the virus survives on surfaces can guide how you clean your home and handle deliveries. And reviewing the common symptoms of COVID-19 can help you know if it's time to self-isolate. What is coronavirus?Coronaviruses are an extremely common cause of colds and other upper respiratory infections.What is COVID-19? COVID-19, short for "coronavirus disease 2019," is the official name given by the World Health Organization to the disease caused by this newly identified coronavirus.How many people have COVID-19?The numbers are changing rapidly.The most up-to-date information is available from the World Health Organization, the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and Johns Hopkins University.It has spread so rapidly and to so many countries that the World Health Organization has declared it a pandemic (a term indicating that it has affected a large population, region, country, or continent).Do adults younger than 65 who are otherwise healthy need to worry about COVID-19?Yes, they do. Though people younger than 65 are much less likely to die from COVID-19, they can get sick enough from the disease to require hospitalization. According to a report published in the CDC's Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report (MMWR) in late March, nearly 40% of people hospitalized for COVID-19 between mid-February and mid-March were between the ages of 20 and 54. Drilling further down by age, MMWR reported that 20% of hospitalized patients and 12% of COVID-19 patients in ICUs were between the ages of 20 and 44.People of any age should take preventive health measures like frequent hand washing, physical distancing, and wearing a mask when going out in public, to help protect themselves and to reduce the chances of spreading the infection to others.What are the symptoms of COVID-19?Some people infected with the virus have no symptoms. When the virus does cause symptoms, common ones include fever, dry cough, fatigue, loss of appetite, loss of smell, and body ache. In some people, COVID-19 causes more severe symptoms like high fever, severe cough, and shortness of breath, which often indicates pneumonia.People with COVID-19 are also experiencing neurological symptoms, gastrointestinal (GI) symptoms, or both. These may occur with or without respiratory symptoms.For example, COVID-19 affects brain function in some people. Specific neurological symptoms seen in people with COVID-19 include loss of smell, inability to taste, muscle weakness, tingling or numbness in the hands and feet, dizziness, confusion, delirium, seizures, and stroke.In addition, some people have gastrointestinal (GI) symptoms, such as loss of appetite, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, and abdominal pain or discomfort associated with COVID-19. These symptoms might start before other symptoms such as fever, body ache, and cough. The virus that causes COVID-19 has also been detected in stool, which reinforces the importance of hand washing after every visit to the bathroom and regularly disinfecting bathroom fixtures.Can COVID-19 symptoms worsen rapidly after several days of illness?Common symptoms of COVID-19 include fever, dry cough, fatigue, loss of appetite, loss of smell, and body ache. In some people, COVID-19 causes more severe symptoms like high fever, severe cough, and shortness of breath, which often indicates pneumonia.A person may have mild symptoms for about one week, then worsen rapidly. Let your doctor know if your symptoms quickly worsen over a short period of time. Also call the doctor right away if you or a loved one with COVID-19 experience any of the following emergency symptoms: trouble breathing, persistent pain or pressure in the chest, confusion or inability to arouse the person, or bluish lips or face. One of the symptoms of COVID-19 is shortness of breath. What does that mean?Shortness of breath refers to unexpectedly feeling out of breath, or winded. But when should you worry about shortness of breath? There are many examples of temporary shortness of breath that are not worrisome. For example, if you feel very anxious, it's common to get short of breath and then it goes away when you calm down. However, if you find that you are ever breathing harder or having trouble getting air each time you exert yourself, you always need to call your doctor. That was true before we had the recent outbreak of COVID-19, and it will still be true after it is over.Meanwhile, it's important to remember that if shortness of breath is your only symptom, without a cough or fever, something other than COVID-19 is the likely problem.Can COVID-19 affect brain function?COVID-19 does appear to affect brain function in some people. Specific neurological symptoms seen in people with COVID-19 include loss of smell, inability to taste, muscle weakness, tingling or numbness in the hands and feet, dizziness, confusion, delirium, seizures, and stroke.One study that looked at 214 people with moderate to severe COVID-19 in Wuhan, China found that about one-third of those patients had one or more neurological symptoms. Neurological symptoms were more common in people with more severe disease.Neurological symptoms have also been seen in COVID-19 patients in the US and around the world. Some people with neurological symptoms tested positive for COVID-19 but did not have any respiratory symptoms like coughing or difficulty breathing; others experienced both neurological and respiratory symptoms.Experts do not know how the coronavirus causes neurological symptoms. They may be a direct result of infection or an indirect consequence of inflammation or altered oxygen and carbon dioxide levels caused by the virus.The CDC has added "new confusion or inability to rouse" to its list of emergency warning signs that should prompt you to get immediate medical attention.Is a lost sense of smell a symptom of COVID-19? What should I do if I lose my sense of smell?Increasing evidence suggests that a lost sense of smell, known medically as anosmia, may be a symptom of COVID-19. This is not surprising, because viral infections are a leading cause of loss of sense of smell, and COVID-19 is a caused by a virus. Still, loss of smell might help doctors identify people who do not have other symptoms, but who might be infected with the COVID-19 virus — and who might be unwittingly infecting others.A statement written by a group of ear, nose and throat specialists (otolaryngologists) in the United Kingdom reported that in Germany, two out of three confirmed COVID-19 cases had a loss of sense of smell; in South Korea, 30% of people with mild symptoms who tested positive for COVID-19 reported anosmia as their main symptom.On March 22nd, the American Academy of Otolaryngology–Head and Neck Surgery recommended that anosmia be added to the list of COVID-19 symptoms used to screen people for possible testing or self-isolation.In addition to COVID-19, loss of smell can also result from allergies as well as other viruses, including rhinoviruses that cause the common cold. So anosmia alone does not mean you have COVID-19. Studies are being done to get more definitive answers about how common anosmia is in people with COVID-19, at what point after infection loss of smell occurs, and how to distinguish loss of smell caused by COVID-19 from loss of smell caused by allergies, other viruses, or other causes altogether.Until we know more, tell your doctor right away if you find yourself newly unable to smell. He or she may prompt you to get tested and to self-isolate.How long is it between when a person is exposed to the virus and when they start showing symptoms?Recently published research found that on average, the time from exposure to symptom onset (known as the incubation period) is about five to six days. However, studies have shown that symptoms could appear as soon as three days after exposure to as long as 13 days later. These findings continue to support the CDC recommendation of self-quarantine and monitoring of symptoms for 14 days post exposure.How does coronavirus spread?The coronavirus is thought to spread mainly from person to person. This can happen between people who are in close contact with one another. Droplets that are produced when an infected person coughs or sneezes may land in the mouths or noses of people who are nearby, or possibly be inhaled into their lungs.A person infected with coronavirus — even one with no symptoms — may emit aerosols when they talk or breathe. Aerosols are infectious viral particles that can float or drift around in the air for up to three hours. Another person can breathe in these aerosols and become infected with the coronavirus. This is why everyone should cover their nose and mouth when they go out in public.Coronavirus can also spread from contact with infected surfaces or objects. For example, a person can get COVID-19 by touching a surface or object that has the virus on it and then touching their own mouth, nose, or possibly their eyes.How could contact tracing help slow the spread of COVID-19?Anyone who comes into close contact with someone who has COVID-19 is at increased risk of becoming infected themselves, and of potentially infecting others. Contact tracing can help prevent further transmission of the virus by quickly identifying and informing people who may be infected and contagious, so they can take steps to not infect others.Contact tracing begins with identifying everyone that a person recently diagnosed with COVID-19 has been in contact with since they became contagious. In the case of COVID-19, a person may be contagious 48 to 72 hours before they started to experience symptoms.The contacts are notified about their exposure. They may be told what symptoms to look out for, advised to isolate themselves for a period of time, and to seek medical attention as needed if they start to experience symptoms.How deadly is COVID-19?The answer depends on whether you're looking at the fatality rate (the risk of death among those who are infected) or the total number of deaths. So far, influenza has caused far more total deaths this flu season, both in the US and worldwide, than COVID-19. This is why you may have heard it said that the flu is a bigger threat.Regarding the fatality rate, it appears that the risk of death with the pandemic coronavirus infection (commonly estimated at about 1%) is far less than it was for SARS (approximately 11%) and MERS (about 35%), but will likely be higher than the risk from seasonal flu (which averages about 0.1%). We will have a more accurate estimate of fatality rate for this coronavirus infection once testing becomes more available.What we do know so far is the risk of death very much depends on your age and your overall health. Children appear to be at very low risk of severe disease and death. Older adults and those who smoke or have chronic diseases such as diabetes, heart disease, or lung disease have a higher chance of developing complications like pneumonia, which could be deadly.Will warm weather slow or stop the spread of COVID-19?Some viruses, like the common cold and flu, spread more when the weather is colder. But it is still possible to become sick with these viruses during warmer months.At this time, we do not know for certain whether the spread of COVID-19 will decrease when the weather warms up. But a new report suggests that warmer weather may not have much of an impact.The report, published in early April by the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering and Medicine, summarized research that looked at how well the COVID-19 coronavirus survives in varying temperatures and humidity levels, and whether the spread of this coronavirus may slow in warmer and more humid weather.The report found that in laboratory settings, higher temperatures and higher levels of humidity decreased survival of the COVID-19 coronavirus. However, studies looking at viral spread in varying climate conditions in the natural environment had inconsistent results.The researchers concluded that conditions of increased heat and humidity alone may not significantly slow the spread of the COVID-19 virus.How long can the coronavirus stay airborne? I have read different estimates.A study done by National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases' Laboratory of Virology in the Division of Intramural Research in Hamilton, Montana helps to answer this question. The researchers used a nebulizer to blow coronaviruses into the air. They found that infectious viruses could remain in the air for up to three hours. The results of the study were published in the New England Journal of Medicine on March 17, 2020.How long can the coronavirus that causes COVID-19 survive on surfaces?A recent study found that the COVID-19 coronavirus can survive up to four hours on copper, up to 24 hours on cardboard, and up to two to three days on plastic and stainless steel. The researchers also found that this virus can hang out as droplets in the air for up to three hours before they fall. But most often they will fall more quickly.There's a lot we still don't know, such as how different conditions, such as exposure to sunlight, heat, or cold, can affect these survival times.As we learn more, continue to follow the CDC's recommendations for cleaning frequently touched surfaces and objects every day. These include counters, tabletops, doorknobs, bathroom fixtures, toilets, phones, keyboards, tablets, and bedside tables.If surfaces are dirty, first clean them using a detergent and water, then disinfect them. A list of products suitable for use against COVID-19 is available here. This list has been pre-approved by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) for use during the COVID-19 outbreak.In addition, wash your hands for 20 seconds with soap and water after bringing in packages, or after trips to the grocery store or other places where you may have come into contact with infected surfaces.Should I accept packages from China?There is no reason to suspect that packages from China harbor coronavirus. Remember, this is a respiratory virus similar to the flu. We don't stop receiving packages from China during their flu season. We should follow that same logic for the virus that causes COVID-19.Can I catch the coronavirus by eating food handled or prepared by others?We are still learning about transmission of the new coronavirus. It's not clear if it can be spread by an infected person through food they have handled or prepared, but if so it would more likely be the exception than the rule.That said, the new coronavirus is a respiratory virus known to spread by upper respiratory secretions, including airborne droplets after coughing or sneezing. The virus that causes COVID-19 has also been detected in the stool of certain people. So we currently cannot rule out the possibility of the infection being transmitted through food by an infected person who has not thoroughly washed their hands. In the case of hot food, the virus would likely be killed by cooking. This may not be the case with uncooked foods like salads or sandwiches.The flu kills more people than COVID-19, at least so far. Why are we so worried about COVID-19? Shouldn't we be more focused on preventing deaths from the flu?You're right to be concerned about the flu. Fortunately, the same measures that help prevent the spread of the COVID-19 virus — frequent and thorough handwashing, not touching your face, coughing and sneezing into a tissue or your elbow, avoiding people who are sick, and staying away from people if you're sick — also help to protect against spread of the flu.If you do get sick with the flu, your doctor can prescribe an antiviral drug that can reduce the severity of your illness and shorten its duration. There are currently no antiviral drugs available to treat COVID-19.Should I get a flu shot?While the flu shot won't protect you from developing COVID-19, it's still a good idea. Most people older than six months can and should get the flu vaccine. Doing so reduces the chances of getting seasonal flu. Even if the vaccine doesn't prevent you from getting the flu, it can decrease the chance of severe symptoms. But again, the flu vaccine will not protect you against this coronavirus.|1
Consider keeping a two-week to 30-day supply of nonperishable food at home. These items can also come in handy in other types of emergencies, such as power outages or snowstorms.canned meats, fruits, vegetables, and soups.frozen fruits, vegetables, and meat. protein or fruit bars. dry cereal, oatmeal, or granola. peanut butter or nuts. pasta, bread, rice, and other grains. canned beans. chicken broth, canned tomatoes, jarred pasta sauce. oil for cooking. flour, sugar. crackers. coffee, tea, shelf-stable milk, canned juices. bottled water. canned or jarred baby food and formula. pet food. household supplies like laundry detergent, dish soap, and household cleaner.|1
People of all ages can be infected by the new coronavirus (2019-nCoV). Older people, and people with pre-existing medical conditions (such as asthma, diabetes, heart disease) appear to be more vulnerable to becoming severely ill with the virus. WHO advises people of all ages to take steps to protect themselves from the virus, for example by following good hand hygiene and good respiratory hygiene|1
Stay current on travel advisories from regulatory agencies. This is a rapidly changing situation.Anyone who has a fever and respiratory symptoms should not fly if at all possible. Even if a person has symptoms that feel like just a cold, he or she should wear a mask on an airplane.|1
Just as COVID-19 (reportedly caused by the new coronavirus, SARS-CoV-2) has dominated the news cycle in 2020, so, too, the focus on an eventual coronavirus vaccine has crowded out needed attention to a wider range of prevention and treatment strategies. Self-appointed pandemic guru Bill Gates—through a complex tangle of direct and indirect funding mechanisms that includes being the World Health Organization’s (WHO’s) second largest donor—is gleefully leading the contingent promoting planet-wide coronavirus vaccination, unashamedly asserting that a vaccine “is the only thing that will allow us to return to normal.” Gates has the effrontery to make such claims despite financial conflicts of interest blatant enough to be noticed even by the credulous, and a lengthy trail of vaccine-related destruction left in the wake of Gates-funded vaccine programs around the world.Globally, roughly 70 COVID-19 vaccines are in various stages of development—a veritable gold rush that will be all the more lucrative since Gates has made sure that the vaccines will be indemnified against lawsuits. Gates funding, through the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations (CEPI), is helping to spur the accelerated development of some of the leading contenders, including two of the three experimental vaccines rushed into Phase I trials in humans without any preliminary testing in animal models. (A third experimental vaccine will soon proceed to Phase II trials in China.) The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) is running the trial of one of these vaccines (mRNA-1273), co-developed under CEPI sponsorship with Cambridge-based biotech firm Moderna. Meanwhile, Pennsylvania-based Inovio Pharmaceuticals is conducting a Phase I trial of INO-4800, a vaccine being developed with massive infusions of funding from both the Gates Foundation and CEPI.Kim warned that even when vaccine makers appropriately begin the process with animal studies, “vaccine development is characterized by a high failure rate of often 93%.In early April, Dr. Jerome H. Kim (Director General of the United-Nations-affiliated International Vaccine Institute) called attention to the “unprecedented speed” with which the Phase I trials launched, stating that it will be difficult to know whether a vaccine developed in a scant four, 12 or even 18 months “is really safe” and noting that the vaccine development process ordinarily takes anywhere from five to ten years. Although striving for enthusiasm about the “remarkable” speed-up, Kim warned that even when vaccine makers appropriately begin the process with animal studies, “vaccine development is characterized by a high failure rate of ‘often 93%.’”Dr. Kim’s words of warning are far from theoretical. In the mid-to-late 2000s, scientists engaged in an ultimately futile effort to develop a vaccine to address the first SARS-related coronavirus (SARS-CoV). Researchers of the day developed four SARS-CoV vaccines that underwent testing in animal models and two (described in 2007 and 2008) that proceeded to Phase I trials in humans. The less-than-reassuring results of the animal studies, in particular, prompted one set of researchers to conclude that “Caution in proceeding to application of a SARS-CoV vaccine in humans is indicated” [emphasis added].…all of the vaccinated mice, irrespective of the type of vaccine or the presence or absence of aluminum adjuvant, displayed unique lung damage not seen in the control mice.Troubling results in animals.In 2012, Texas researchers with combined expertise in molecular virology, microbiology, immunology, biodefense and emerging diseases reported in the journal PLoS ONE on their evaluation—in mice—of four candidate vaccines designed to prevent SARS-CoV. All four vaccines had run into trouble in earlier experimental studies, which showed that the vaccines had a tendency to induce pathologic lung reactions in the unfortunate recipients—whether mice, ferrets or nonhuman primates.The Texas scientists reevaluated the safety, immunogenicity and efficacy of two whole-virus vaccines prepared in Vero tissue or Vero cell cultures (from African green monkey kidney); one recombinant (genetically engineered) DNA spike protein vaccine produced in insect cells; and their own virus-like particle (VLP) vaccine containing SARS-CoV proteins as well as mouse hepatitis coronavirus. They also compared versions of the vaccines containing an aluminum adjuvant with adjuvant-free formulations. The research team injected the experimental groups of mice with vaccine on days zero and 28, exposed them to live SARS-CoV on day 56 and sacrificed them two days later (day 58) to examine the lungs for virus and histopathology, comparing the experimental mice to control groups.All four vaccines appeared to induce antibodies against SARS-CoV two days after exposure to live virus. However, the second set of results—the findings that persuaded the researchers to urge the utmost caution in proceeding to human testing—showed that all of the vaccinated mice, irrespective of the type of vaccine or the presence or absence of aluminum adjuvant, displayed unique lung damage not seen in the control mice, and the pathology occurred in the absence of any detectable SARS coronavirus in the lungs. The researchers described this “Th2-type immunopathology”—indicated in part by abnormal levels of white blood cells called eosinophils—as suggestive of vaccine-induced “hypersensitivity to SARS-CoV components.”the RSV vaccine stimulated an unbalanced immune response that potentiated disease in the vaccine recipients upon subsequent exposure to RSV, often leading to hospitalization and sometimes leading to death.Troubling results in humans.To explain their findings, the Texas researchers pointed to studies showing similar immunopathologic reactions in human infants who, in the 1960s, received vaccines for respiratory syncytial virus (RSV). That body of research found that the RSV vaccine “stimulated an unbalanced immune response” that “potentiated” disease in the vaccine recipients upon subsequent exposure to RSV, often leading to hospitalization and sometimes leading to death. Given that the very basis for developing a SARS vaccine was to protect vaccine recipients from infectious SARS-CoV, the Texas researchers concluded that a vaccine that instead elicited an immunopathologic reaction (as had occurred in the 1960s with the RSV vaccine) was cause for concern.More recently, in 2016, scientists expressed similar worries when children in the Philippines developed serious complications or died after receiving a vaccine to protect against dengue disease. Far from protecting the children, the vaccine dramatically worsened risks of severe complications in children exposed to dengue after vaccination. The deaths of roughly 600 children are now under criminal investigation.Two other worries highlighted by the Texas researchers in 2012 are worth mentioning in light of today’s COVID-19 context. First, given that there are a number of human coronaviruses, the researchers suggested that their results raised important questions about the “safety of vaccinated persons exposed to other coronaviruses.” Second, they noted that although the two Phase I clinical trials of SARS-CoV vaccines in humans had reported the vaccines to “induce antibody responses and to be ‘safe,’ . . . the evidence for safety [was] for a short period of observation.” Today, knowing that even the WHO’s top experts are questioning how vaccine safety gets evaluated, one wonders how the rushed COVID-19 vaccine trials will be able to address SARS-CoV safety concerns to any meaningful degree.Gates declared himself thrilled with NIH for pushing [vaccine research] forward.Cheech and Chong…and Gates.Bill Gates and his foundation have longstanding ties with the good-cop/bad-cop duo that has been headlining the official COVID-19 narrative: Dr. Anthony Fauci, long-time NIAID director, and physician and retired Army colonel Dr. Deborah Birx, U.S. Global AIDS Coordinator and Special Representative for Global Health Diplomacy. It is noteworthy that the two government doctors are long-time allies, having cut their professional teeth working “side by side” on the AIDS epidemic in the 1980s and sharing overlapping career paths ever since. With HIV vaccine patents to both their names, neither Birx nor Fauci is a stranger to the lure and potential profits involved in vaccine development—regardless of whether the vaccine ever pans out.In the early 2000s, Birx was one of the lead investigators of an HIV vaccine clinical trial in Thailand. Although the trial’s methodology and results drew severe criticism, Birx and others—including Fauci—spun the study as a success. As her reward, Birx then spent the next ten years directing the CDC’s Division of Global HIV/AIDS. In 2016, Fauci and NIAID dished out more taxpayer money to test the same HIV vaccine all over again in South Africa, but NIAID had to call a halt to the study in February 2020, when an interim review found that the vaccine was worthless.Around the same time as the Thai vaccine trial, Fauci was active as one of the “principal architects” of the 2003 President’s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief (PEPFAR), a still-ongoing program that has since ballooned into over 50 countries, where it coordinates (across seven different U.S. departments and agencies) promotion of HIV drugs and other measures. Since 2014, PEPFAR has been led by none other than Birx, who has been only too happy to accept generous Gates Foundation support. The foundation is the top source of philanthropic funding for all international HIV efforts, and development of an HIV vaccine remains one of its core “areas of focus.” In the face of recent Trump administration threats to slash PEPFAR’s budget, Birx has declared her willingness to seek out “other sources of funding wherever she can find them.”The National Institutes of Health (NIH), of which NIAID is a part, have been joined at the hip with the Gates Foundation for many years, together funding 57% of “global-health research and development on diseases that disproportionately affect populations in low- and middle-income countries.” The close partnership has involved working to develop new vaccines (such as a malaria vaccine and a universal influenza vaccine) as well as mobilizing Gates funding streams to roll out NIH-developed vaccines across the developing world. In 2013, Gates declared himself “thrilled” with NIH for “pushing [vaccine research] forward” and stated, “We are just at the beginning of what we can do together.”the studies on unsafe vaccines for SARS-CoV, RSV and dengue suggest that Americans would be wise to ask the age-old question of ‘who benefits’ and push back against the billionaires and scientists looking to limit choices, control populations and make a financial killing.Singing the same discordant tune.Despite writing on March 26 in The New England Journal of Medicine that the COVID-19 case fatality rate is likely to be no worse than the rate observed for a severe seasonal flu, Dr. Fauci continues to pledge allegiance to extreme measures, parroting Mr. Gates’ statements that more prolonged lockdowns are necessary and advising Americans to become a nation of obsessive-compulsive hand-washers who never share a handshake again. On these topics , Birx has been evasive and non-committal.Recently, Dr. Zeke Emanuel—coronavirus advisor to both Joe Biden and the WHO, and one of the former ringleaders behind Obamacare—joined the fray, urging the banning of conferences, concerts, sporting events, religious services and restaurant meals for another 18 months, or “until we have a vaccine that protects everyone.” The Guardian obligingly echoed this vaccine-centric propaganda on April 8 when, reporting on a Chinese study just published in The Lancet, the British rag stated that “Lockdowns can’t end until Covid-19 vaccine found.Listening to these individuals’ carefully crafted public briefings on COVID-19 exit strategies, one could easily get the impression that a SARS-CoV-2 vaccine is, indeed, the only way out. For a population amped up on hysteria and fear, it may be challenging to accept other solutions—including the historically documented benefits of natural herd immunity—but the studies on unsafe vaccines for SARS-CoV, RSV and dengue suggest that Americans would be wise to ask the age-old question of “who benefits” and push back against the billionaires and scientists looking to limit choices, control populations and make a financial killing.|0
Practice good hand hygiene and respiratory etiquette, including frequent hand washing and covering coughs, and frequently clean surfaces such as doorknobs and phones. Visit the CDC’s treatment and prevention page to learn about how to protect yourself from respiratory illnesses.|1
If you develop a fever, chills, sore throat and symptoms of respiratory illness, such as cough or shortness of breath, you should contact your medical provider immediately. Before you go to a doctor’s office or emergency room, call ahead and tell them about your or your family member's symptoms. Your healthcare provider will coordinate safe treatment and testing based on recommendations from your state’s public health department and CDC.The CDC has detailed information about:Symptoms of coronavirus and when to seek medical attention.How to decide if you should seek care or testing.What to do if you are sick or caring for someone who is sick|1
If you have minor symptoms, such as a slight cough or a mild fever, there is generally no need to seek medical care. Stay at home, self-isolate and monitor your symptoms. Follow national guidance on self-isolation.However, if you live in an area with malaria or dengue fever it is important that you do not ignore symptoms of fever.  Seek medical help.  When you attend the health facility wear a mask if possible, keep at least 1 metre distance from other people and do not touch surfaces with your hands. If it is a child who is sick help the child stick to this advice.Seek immediate medical care if you have difficulty breathing or pain/pressure in the chest. If possible, call your health care provider in advance, so he/she can direct you to the right health facility.|1
It is not yet known whether weather and temperature affect the spread of COVID-19. Some other viruses, like those that cause the common cold and flu, spread more during cold weather months but that does not mean it is impossible to become sick with these viruses during other months.  There is much more to learn about the transmissibility, severity, and other features associated with COVID-19 and investigations are ongoing.|1
Try to look at this period of social distancing as an opportunity to get to things you've been meaning to do.Though you shouldn't go to the gym right now, that doesn't mean you can't exercise. Take long walks or run outside (do your best to maintain at least six feet between you and non-family members when you're outside). Do some yoga or other indoor exercise routines when the weather isn't cooperating.Kids need exercise too, so try to get them outside every day for walks or a backyard family soccer game (remember, this isn't the time to invite the neighborhood kids over to play). Avoid public playground structures, which aren't cleaned regularly and can spread the virus.Pull out board games that are gathering dust on your shelves. Have family movie nights. Catch up on books you've been meaning to read, or do a family read-aloud every evening.It's important to stay connected even though we should not do so in person. Keep in touch virtually through phone calls, Skype, video, and other social media. Enjoy a leisurely chat with an old friend you've been meaning to call.If all else fails, go to bed early and get some extra sleep!|1
The current coronavirus was developed in the USA in 2015. And anyone with a family member who has died from a coronavirus can safely sue the United States and seek compensation. <...>|0
As we continue to wade through the mounting evidence that the Coronavirus seems to be one big fat fake, there are more people coming forward to question these new laws that have pretty much already been made. The toxic untested vaccines are coming and soon every single person on the planet will be forced to have them. This stuff is happening at an alarming rate and Bill Gates has been preparing for this for some time: As we continue to expose this incredibly manipulative coronavirus story, we now wonder if this is set to become the biggest cover up in the history of mankind?Fictional Germ warfare would seem to be winning here, as why not, they invented the rules. The rest of us are playing catch up at a far slower pace. The people are now convinced and will do just about anything to get out of the house and back to their old lives and jobs.Could we see the bankruptcy of countries, the end of the old supply chain, soon to be replaced by central systems? Central banking, central food supplies, all under one centralised global government.Mass unemployment is already becoming the norm. What will this 5G rollout mean to the health of the world? These towers kill everything that come close, trees, plants, animals, insects, humans. Best to create a virus first, a scape goat that can then be labelled with every other death that happens. Watch this video, from the former CEO of Vodafone UK. Forget Nuclear war as commander in chief Bill “The Gate Keeper” Gates stated in his 2015 TED Talk, it’s not missiles that we now need to fear, but microbes. For it was no longer nuclear weapons that would be the next big threat to humanity, but a virus. Not cancer? No not cancer, he doesn’t want us to think about that, or heart disease, or the side effects of medications and his enforced vaccinations, but a man made, mutated disease.   The bad guy is needed first in this plot. He tells the audience how we are not ready for the next epidemic. In truth he was getting very ready:COVID-19 has actually been downgraded, so why the global shut down? As some of you may have heard by now, CoVID-19 actually got a quiet downgrade 2 weeks ago, according to the British Governments own website, that states: “As of 19 March 2020, COVID-19 is no longer considered to be a “high consequence infectious disease” (HCID) in the UK. Yet this is not being celebrated, bans being lifted, stores being re-opened, its not being reported at all and has not meant businesses re-opening, or travel being restored to normal. Why is that? It states: “The 4 nations public health HCID group made an interim recommendation in January 2020 to classify COVID-19 as an HCID. This was based on consideration of the UK HCID criteria about the virus and the disease with information available during the early stages of the outbreak. Now that more is known about COVID-19, the public health bodies in the UK have reviewed the most up to date information about COVID-19 against the UK HCID criteria. They have determined that several features have now changed; in particular, more information is available about mortality rates (low overall), and there is now greater clinical awareness and a specific and sensitive laboratory test, the availability of which continues to increase. The Advisory Committee on Dangerous Pathogens (ACDP) is also of the opinion that COVID-19 should no longer be classified as an HCID.” As Jon Rappoport points out on nomorefakenews.com the mistake is to think of this as one thing. One “disease”. One bad guy, its not, its many things being given one handy to remember label. Pollution, radiation, general ill health is now being labelled as CoVid. The CDC that owns the patent to 56 vaccines, with over 270 in the pipeline (is that a big enough vested interest), is telling coroners to record any death that is potentially similar to what they describe as Co-Vid like symptoms as death by Co-Vid. So that’s any type of pneumonia, or flu is being recorded as death by Coronavirus! That’s playing with the numbers, right there on the website.Whilst in the UK, GPs are not even needed to physically be there when recording a death as Co-Vid! According to The Pulse, an online resource for medical practitioners: “ The Coronavirus Act, which was passed by Parliament yesterday and is law as of today, means it is now possible for GPs to certify death without physically attending.The emergency laws are designed to consider the coronavirus restrictions on in-person interactions and that death may occur in households that are self-isolating, making it difficult for GPs to attend in person.Handy that. Italy – So it’s no surprise then that an article in Bloomberg highlights that 99% of those who were recorded to have died from the Coronavirus also had other illnesses: “More than 99% of Italy’s coronavirus fatalities were people who suffered from previous medical conditions, according to a study by the country’s national health authority.”That’s only 0.8% had no other illnesses! The Coronavirus is not even airborne, it’s a result of 5G that’s already been implemented.Please watch this interview that spells out many of these and more of the lies that are circulating the globe and keeping everyone locked indoors, Dr Kauffman you are a brave man.Here is the book Dr Kauffman recommends – What really makes you ill. This book will explain what really makes you ill and why everything you thought you knew about disease is wrong. “Doctors are men who prescribe medicines of which they know little, to cure diseases of which they know less, in human beings of whom they know nothing.” Voltaire. The conventional approach adopted by most healthcare systems entails the use of ‘medicine’ to treat human disease.Please also visit the World Death Clock – a dynamic clock that calculates the number of people who are dying in the world every second. On an average there are 56 million deaths that take place in a year. The Corona virus is a tiny drop in the ocean. Even after they have manipulated the numbers.Is this paving the way for more deaths that can be attributed to this masked foe. This mysterious ficticiuos killer in our midst? Or will perhaps and maybe this is just a distant hope more and more people come forward to prove this façade is one big con.An April Fools joke that went to far? Not if this man has anything to do with it. When did we elect Bill Gates?See below, Bill the Gate keeper (the most powerful man at the WHO), appears to be acting as the new American unelected president. Did we miss the campaign? Or did we just simply skip the entire process as it takes too long when there are vaccines to rush out and skip the entire testing process due to this emergency. As now we see him weighing in on this story all over his media channels, saying the number of US cases has not yet peaked and the country won’t likely be able to return to normal life by April.Amazing that 2 of the interviewers are there to make it look like a balanced view, whereas in reality it’s just Bill telling everyone to shut down and stay shut down until we get these numbers low. What does that mean, how low is low?Well according to Bill Gate Keeper, these numbers need to be really low.How is that possible when coroners are told to record any death they may suspect to be the corona virus as Covid? With these kind of guidelines, no wonder we have not seen “the peak” of numbers.That’s pretty scary when you consider that the numbers now, with all the fixing going on are already pretty low in comparison to the population of the USA. Mass herding. Whilst social distancing and herding everyone home also seems to suddenly be the preferred route. We can’t help thinking, if this virus is supposed to be everywhere, why do you need to go back to the country on your passport, irrespective of whether you have a home in that country or not? Why are they making people travel back home. If this virus was to be contained surely the advice would be to stay put and sit it out? Why do they need everyone to go back to their home country? It’s all about the database linked to your ID and your passport. Litterally like sheep herding. Get them all back in the barn so you can stamp them. Bloomsberg reported on how the Gates Foundation planned and practised for the coronavirus “germ game” in a simulation only 4 months ago in New York called Event 201.Preparing business leaders for a Pandemic, Bill Gates calls it “Germ games,” but meant that business leaders and health chiefs were already prepped and knew what to say.The ID2020 Alliance combines vaccines with implantable microchips to create your digital ID. In a Reddit Q&A, billionaire philanthropist Bill Gates revealed his plan to use ‘digital certificates’ to identify those who have been tested for COVID-19:Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates will launch human-implantable capsules that have ‘digital certificates’ which can show who has been tested for the coronavirus and who has been vaccinated against it.The 64 year old “tech mogul” and most powerful medical figure on the planet, revealed this yesterday during a Reddit ‘Ask Me Anything’ session while answering questions on the COVID-19 Coronavirus Pandemic. According to Business Insider Bills Microchip ID is already being paid for:The CDC will set up a coronavirus ‘surveillance and data collection system’ as part of the $2 trillion stimulus bill, which President Trump just signed into lawPresident Donald Trump signed into law a sweeping stimulus bill that will pump emergency funding into the CDC to combat the coronavirus, including a system to gather data on how the virus is spreading.Of the funding allocated to the CDC, the stimulus sets aside at least $500 million for public health data surveillance and modernizing the analytics infrastructure. The CDC must report on the development of a “surveillance and data collection system” within the next 30 days.While it’s not clear what form that surveillance system will take, the federal government has reportedly expressed interest in aggregating data that can be gleaned from tech platforms and smartphone use to monitor movement patterns.Yet, according to the top expert in the USA, Dr Fauci states that Co-Vid19 may be more like influenza, with a case fatality rate of more like 0.01%. Whilst social distancing and herding everyone home seems to suddenly be the preferred route. We can’t help thinking, if this virus is supposed to be everywhere, why do you need to go back to the country on your passport, irrespective of whether you have a home in that country or not? Why are they making people travel back home. If this virus was to be contained surely the advice would be to stay put and sit it out? Why do they need everyone to go back to their home country? Its all about the database.ID wallet. Please watch this video, the microchip that will replace your wallet, your keys, your privacy, your freedom and your health. We wish we had better news. We really do.|0
It’s unclear what an economic recovery will look like — or when it will come.The impact of the virus on the United States economy has been swift and devastating. Nearly 10 million Americans have filed for unemployment insurance in the past two weeks, and some estimates say the unemployment rate is likely higher than at any point since the Great Depression. As we struggle to fight the virus itself, it’s unclear what an economic recovery will look like — or when it will come.If you’re filing for unemployment, there is a lot to know, so read this guide on unemployment insurance. (You should also be prepared for a potentially tough journey through bureaucracy.Don’t forget to work on your emergency fund; here’s how to keep building it during a financial crisis.For Americans with a retirement account, it has been gut-wrenching to watch double-digit percentages of it evaporate in a matter of weeks. Not only have we seen the market’s largest single-day drop since Black Monday, in 1987, but all of the gains from the past few years have essentially been wiped out.But for long-term investors — which is what most of us should be — the age-old advice still holds: Do nothing and just wait it out.“The only two days that really matter in investing are the day you buy and the day you sell. All the ups and downs in between are simply noise,” Mel Lindauer, co-author of “The Bogleheads’ Guide to Investing,” said in this guide on how to keep calm during a market crash.For all of your other money questions, our Your Money team has put together two handy guides: This personal finance Q&A covers topics including whether you should rebalance your portfolio, when to buy more stocks, whether you should refinance your mortgage and much more; and this Q&A covers the stimulus package.|1
The patented nanosilver we have, the Pentagon has come out and documented and Homeland Security has said this stuff kills the whole SARS-corona family at point-blank range. Well, of course it does, it kills every virus.”|0
“I am not saying that China deliberately released this, shooting itself in the foot. But it was clear they were developing an extremely dangerous unknown biological weapon that had never been seen before, and it leaked out of the lab… I personally believe that until our political leaders come clean with the American people, both at the White House and in Congress and our state government, and publicly admit that this is an extremely dangerous offensive biological warfare weapon that we are dealing with, I do not see that we will be able to confront it and to stop it, let alone defeat it.” —Dr. Francis Boyle, International Bioweapons Expert, April 15, 2020.According to Johns Hopkins University, as of today, COVID-19 has infected more than 3 million people and killed at least 210,000 worldwide.Those are big numbers, considering the fact that six short months ago, few members of the general public had ever heard of the coronavirus. And almost no one was harboring fears of a looming and deadly global pandemic.But here we are. As our new reality sinks in, as we adjust to lockdowns and home schooling and long lines at grocery stores, as we look for ways to protect ourselves and our families—and as some grieve for lost loved ones—most of us are also seeking answers.Why does this virus cause so many mysterious symptoms? Why are some cases mild, others deadly? How can we protect ourselves? Whose advice should we follow?But the biggest questions of all are these: Where did COVID-19 come from? And how can we prevent this from ever happening again?The answers to these questions may be too disturbing to ponder, especially while we’re still grappling with the impact of the virus on nearly every aspect of our lives.But our failure to investigate, and directly address, the origins of COVID-19 almost certainly guarantees our failure to protect ourselves from future, possibly even more deadly, pandemics.Science most foul.Thousands of dangerous viruses and other pathogens, such as the bat coronavirus and the avian flu, are being collected in the wild by Chinese, U.S. and international researchers. These viruses are then analyzed and weaponized (i.e. genetically engineered, manipulated, recombined) in secretive, accident-prone, labs like the Wuhan Virology Lab in China or the U.S. Army Lab in Fort Detrick, Maryland.Coronaviruses typically have a narrow host range, infecting one or just a few species, such as bats. However, using targeted RNA recombination, gene engineers can manipulate viruses such as COVID-19 for “gain of function” to enable them to infect other species (i.e. human cells), interfere with immune system response and readily spread through the air.A growing arsenal of synthetic viruses have been lab-engineered, despite U.S. and international laws banning biowarfare weapons and experimentation. A disturbing number of these so-called “dual use” Biowarfare/Biodefense labs have experienced leaks, accidents and thefts over the past three decadesAs the well-respected Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists recently warned “A safety breach at a Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention lab is believed to have caused four suspected SARS cases, including one death, in Beijing in 2004. A similar accident caused 65 lab workers of Lanzhou Veterinary Research Institute to be infected with brucellosis in December 2019 . . . In January 2020, a renowned Chinese scientist, Li Ning, was sentenced to 12 years in prison for selling experimental animals to local markets.”China is hardly the only place to experience such accidents. A USA Today investigation in 2016, for instance, revealed an incident involving cascading equipment failures in a decontamination chamber as U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) researchers tried to leave a biosafety level 4 lab. The lab likely stored samples of the viruses causing Ebola and smallpox, according to the report.In 2014, the CDC revealed that staff had accidently sent live anthrax between laboratories, exposing 84 workers. In an investigation, officials found other mishaps that had occurred in the preceding decade.In 2019, the U.S. Army Fort Detrick, Maryland Biological Weapons Lab was temporarily shut down for improper disposal of dangerous pathogens, according to a New York Times report. Officials refused to provide details about the pathogens or the leak, citing “national security” concerns.As Sam Husseini recently reported in Salon magazine, biowarfare engineers in labs such as Wuhan or Fort Detrick are deliberately and recklessly evading international law:“Governments that participate in such biological weapon research generally distinguish between ‘biowarfare’ and ‘biodefense,’ as if to paint such ‘defense’ programs as necessary. But this is rhetorical sleight-of-hand; the two concepts are largely indistinguishable. ‘Biodefense’ implies tacit biowarfare, breeding more dangerous pathogens for the alleged purpose of finding a way to fight them. While this work appears to have succeeded in creating deadly and infectious agents, including deadlier flu strains, such ‘defense’ research is impotent in its ability to defend us from this pandemic.”Activist critics of genetic engineering and biological warfare experiments, including myself, Dr. Mercola and GM Watch, joined now by independent voices in the mass media, are reporting, albeit in some cases reluctantly, that mounting evidence indicates that the deadly COVID-19 virus may have accidentally leaked out of one of the supposedly high-security biowarfare labs (the Wuhan Institute of Virology and the Chinese Center for Disease Control) that were analyzing and manipulating bat coronaviruses in Wuhan, China.In order to conceal their scientific malpractice and criminal negligence, to protect their “right” to carry out dangerous, unregulated research, and to safeguard billions of dollars in annual Biopharm and GMO industry profits (Monsanto/Bayer, among others, is now conducting its own biowarfare research), Chinese and U.S. officials, Big Pharma, Facebook, Google and an arrogant and unscrupulous network of global scientists are frantically trying to cover up the lab origins and diabolical machinations of the COVID-19 pandemic.A widely-cited paper, published in the journal Nature on February 3, 2020, claims to establish that SARS-CoV-2 is a coronavirus of bat origin that naturally jumped the species barrier between bats and humans and was not synthetically constructed in a lab. However, as Mercola.com reports one of the Chinese authors of this article, Dr. Shi Zhengli from the Wuhan Virology Lab, actually worked previously on weaponizing the SARS virus (the progenitor of COVID-19) and has published peer-reviewed articles on the procedures involved in this genetic manipulation.Another oft-cited but problematic article in Nature Medicine (March 17, 2020), co-authored by a bio-entrepreneur industry scientist, has been repeatedly cited by the mass media as offering “proof” that the COVID-19 virus arose “naturally” as opposed to being lab-derived.But recent critiques offered by independent scientists, including the London-based molecular geneticist Dr. Michael Antoniou, a long-time critic of genetic engineering, argue convincingly that the computer-modeling “proof” cited by Nature Medicine offers no proof at all. As GM Watch reports:“Dr. Antoniou told us that while the authors [of the March 17 Nature Medicine article] did indeed show that SARS-CoV-2 was unlikely to have been built by deliberate genetic engineering from a previously used virus backbone, that’s not the only way of constructing a virus. There is another method by which an enhanced-infectivity virus can be engineered in the lab. . .”Antoniou told GM Watch that this method, called “directed iterative evolutionary selection process,” involves using genetic engineering to generate “a large number of randomly mutated versions of the SARS-CoV spike protein receptor,” and then to select those protein receptors most effective at infecting human cells.As Antoniou points out, the inventors of this technique received the Nobel Prize for chemistry in 2018, a fact the authors of the Nature Medicine article surely knew. Did the authors of the Nature Medicine article deliberately leave this more plausible hypothesis out, in order to bolster their questionable thesis that COVID-19 arose naturally—even though biowarfare labs in Wuhan were engineering bat viruses years before the fatal outbreak?If lab technicians in the Wuhan lab did use the directed iterative evolutionary selection process to engineer a “gain of function” (weaponized) bat coronavirus, and the virus subsequently leaked, infected one or more lab technicians, then spread to people outside the lab, including people from the Wuhan Seafood Market, there would be no trace of the virus having been genetically engineered or manipulated.Peer-reviewed, published articles, going back more than a decade, indicate that researchers at the Wuhan Labs (Dr. Shi Zhengli and others) have been carrying out experiments to manipulate and weaponize deadly bat coronavirus so that they can readily infect human cells. In a 2008 article in the Journal of Virology, Zengli and other scientists report on how they have genetically engineered SARS-like viruses from horseshoe bats to enable the viruses to gain entry into human cells.The powers that be, in Beijing and Washington, like to reassure us that researchers in places like the Wuhan Virology Lab, the Wuhan Center for Disease Control, or the U.S. Army Biological Weapons Lab at Fort Detrick, Maryland are only “studying” (not manipulating or weaponizing) dangerous pathogens like bat coronaviruses, and that security in these government/WHO/NIH-monitored labs is so strict that accidents could never happen.But a number of well-respected scientific critics of genetic engineering and biological warfare have been sounding the alarm for decades.Critics including Francis Boyle (author of the 1989 U.S. Bioterrorism law banning bioweapons research) and Dr. Richard Ebright of Rutgers University’s Waksman Institute of Microbiology, have warned that experiments and manipulations of viruses and pathogens are inherently extremely dangerous, (not to mention that they violate international law), given human error and the fact that security has been dangerously lax in the world’s biowarfare/biodefense laboratories.Almost too incredible to believe, funding for the reckless germ war experiments in Wuhan have included more than $3 million from Dr. Anthony Fauci’s National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID), a division of the U.S. National Institutes of Health (NIH), with apparent collaboration, according to Boyle, from scientists at the universities of North Carolina, Wisconsin, Harvard and other institutions.In 2014, the Obama White House Office of Science and Technology Policy put a hold or “funding pause” on “gain of function” experimentation on dangerous viruses in U.S. labs due to “biosafety and biosecurity risks.”Yet experimentation apparently continued uninterrupted (with U.S. funding) in China at the Wuhan lab. Then in 2017, the Trump Administration reversed this “funding pause,” essentially allowing illegal germ warfare research to continue.Longtime anti-GMO activists at GM Watch in the UK recently published an article entitled “COVID-19 Could Be a Wake-Up Call for Biosafety.” The article explains how, below the public radar, secretive and reckless research on genetically engineering and weaponizing coronaviruses has been going on for decades:“Stuart Newman, professor of cell biology and anatomy at New York Medical College in Valhalla, New York, editor-in-chief of the journal Biological Theory, and co-author of Biotech Juggernaut, adds crucial historical context that shows exploring whether COVID-19 could have been genetically engineered should not be dismissed as a subject fit only for conspiracy theorists.“[Newman] points out that the genetic engineering of coronaviruses has been going on for a long time. According to Newman, ‘Even most biologists are not aware that virologists have been experimentally recombining and genetically modifying coronaviruses for more than a decade to study their mechanisms of pathogenicity.’ Indeed, Newman points to papers on engineering coronaviruses that go back a full 20 years.” Dr. Peter Breggin points out that in 2015, researchers from the U.S. and China's Wuhan Institute of Virology collaborated to transform an animal coronavirus into one that can attack humans. Breggin’s provocative essay includes a direct link to the original study  which was published in the British journal, Nature.Recent investigative reporting, including an explosive April 14 Washington Post article by Josh Rogin, followed by more muted coverage by CBS News, CNN, the Wall Street Journal, Newsweek and others, have alerted millions of people to the fact that the official Chinese/Big Pharma/WHO/NIH “bat in the market” story about the origins of COVID-19 may no longer be credible.As Rogin’s article points out, officials from the U.S. embassy in Beijing visited the Wuhan Institute of Virology numerous times in early 2018, and tried to warn the Trump Administration that there were serious safety violations in the lab’s handling of bat coronaviruses. The officials were especially concerned that inadequately trained staff and lax security procedures at the lab, jointly funded by the Chinese and U.S., posed a serious risk of unleashing a “new SARS-like pandemic.”In fact, in 2004, foreshadowing the current disaster, there were two serious accidents at the high-security Beijing Virology lab, infecting two researchers with the dangerous SARS virus.Ebright, who has been speaking out on lab safety since the early 2000s, said this about the dangerous security procedures at the Wuhan labs:“bat coronaviruses at Wuhan [Center for Disease Control] and Wuhan Institute of Virology routinely were collected and studied at BSL-2 {Biosecurity Level 2), which provides only minimal protections against infection of lab workers. Virus collection, culture, isolation, or animal infection at BSL-2 with a virus having the transmission characteristics of the outbreak virus would pose substantial risk of infection of a lab worker, and from the lab worker, the public.”Politics most foul.The Trump Administration did nothing about the repeated warnings from the U.S. Embassy in Beijing in 2018, concerning the dangerous practices at the at the Wuhan Lab. Nor scientists at the NIH and the World Health Organization (WHO) who were supposedly monitoring the lab’s coronavirus experiments. After the outbreak happened, the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) silenced or “disappeared” scientists and journalists who had earlier published research or news articles indicating that the COVID-19 virus leaked from a government lab and infected researchers.As the Canadian journalist Andrew Nikiforuk wrote:“Faced with the coronavirus threat, Chinese authorities, according to comprehensive reports by the Wall Street Journal and the New York Times, suppressed whistleblowers, ignored critical evidence and responded so tardily to the outbreak that they moved to compensate for their failures with a draconian lockdown . . .”.Frantically covering their tracks, the CCP removed every scientific article and news report from the internet and public record which contradicted their official story. Aiding and abetting the CCP/Biopharm cover-up were the gatekeepers at Facebook (now heavily invested in Big Pharma), who censored and removed an article by Steve Mosher, published by the NY Post on Feb. 22, which called the official story into question. Facebook finally unblocked the NY Post article after it was revealed that Facebook’s objective “fact checker,” Danielle E. Anderson, was in fact previously a paid researcher at the same Wuhan lab whose lax security so alarmed State Department officials.Trying hard to cover up the fact that they ignored the repeated warnings of the State Department and intelligence officials, the Trump Administration and the entire U.S. Biopharm and Vaccine Establishment are doing their utmost to uphold the official Chinese-scripted story. Especially troubling to the powers that be is the fact that the criminally negligent Wuhan Lab bat experiments were being funded, at least in part, by Dr. Fauci’s National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, along with the Galveston National Laboratory at the University of Texas Medical Branch—even after these types of germ warfare experiments had been banned in the U.S.Commander-in-Chief Trump himself, in between suggesting people might want to ingest or inject some disinfectants for COVID-19 protection, goes back and forth on the “bat in the market” theory, torn between rousing his populist base by denouncing the “Chinese Virus,” and siding with his good friend, and Corporate America’s most important business partner, Xi Jinping, the Chinese Dictator, who just happens to control not only trillions of dollars in U.S. Treasury Bonds and exports, but the medical equipment, Pharma drugs and lab chemicals that are in such short supply in the U.S.Trump also has millions of dollars in real estate loans coming due from Chinese banks next year.In an Instagram post, Robert Kennedy Jr. exposes the complicity of Dr. Anthony Fauci, the supposed “rational voice” of the Trump Administration on COVID-19, in the Wuhan disaster:“The Daily Mail today reports that it has uncovered documents showing that Anthony Fauci’s NIAID gave $3.7 million to scientists at the Wuhan Lab at the center of Coronavirus leak scrutiny. According to the British paper, ‘the federal grant funded experiments on bats from the caves where the virus is believed to have originated.’ Background: following the 2002-2003 SARS coronavirus outbreak, NIH funded a collaboration by Chinese scientists, U.S. military virologists from the bioweapons lab at Ft. Detrick & NIH scientists from NIAID to prevent future coronavirus outbreaks by studying the evolution of virulent strains from bats in human tissues. Those efforts included ‘gain of function’ research that used a process called ‘accelerated evolution’ to create COVID Pandemic superbugs: enhanced bat borne COVID mutants more lethal and more transmissible than wild COVID. Fauci’s studies alarmed scientists around the globe who complained, according a Dec. 2017 NY Times article that ‘these researchers risk creating a monster germ that could escape the lab and seed a pandemic.’ Dr. Mark Lipsitch of the Harvard School of Public Health’s Communicable Disease Center told the Times that Dr. Fauci’s NIAID experiments ‘have given us some modest scientific knowledge and done almost nothing to improve our preparedness for pandemic, and yet risked creating an accidental pandemic.’ In October 2014, following a series of federal laboratory mishaps that narrowly missed releasing these deadly engineered viruses, President Obama ordered the halt to all federal funding for Fauci’s dangerous experiments. It now appears that Dr. Fauci may have dodged the federal restrictions by shifting the research to the military lab in Wuhan. Congress needs to launch an investigation of NIAD’s mischief in China.”Kennedy also calls out two of the other supposed “health experts” on the Trump team, Robert Redfield and Deborah Birx:“Redfield, Birx & Fauci lead the White House #coronavirus task force. In 1992, two military investigators charged Redfield & Birx with engaging in ‘a systematic pattern of data manipulation, inappropriate statistical analyses & misleading data presentation in an apparent attempt to promote the usefulness of the GP160 AIDS vaccine.’ A subsequent Air Force tribunal on Scientific Fraud and Misconduct agreed that Redfield’s ‘misleading or, possibly, deceptive’ information ‘seriously threatens his credibility as a researcher and has the potential to negatively impact AIDS research funding for military institutions as a whole. His allegedly unethical behavior creates false hope and could result in premature deployment of the vaccine.’ The tribunal recommended investigation by a ‘fully independent outside investigative body.’ Dr. Redfield confessed to D.O.D. interrogators and to the tribunal, that his analyses were faulty and deceptive. He agreed to publicly correct them. Afterward, he continued making his false claims at 3 subsequent international HIV conferences, & perjured himself in testimony before Congress, swearing that his vaccine cured HIV. Their gambit worked. Based upon his testimony, Congress appropriated $20 million to the military to support Redfield/Birx’s research project.  Public Citizen complained in a 1994 letter to the Congressional Committee’s Henry Waxman that the money caused the Army to kill the investigation & ‘whitewash’ Redfield’s crimes. The fraud propelled Birx & Redfield into stellar careers as health officials. Docs obtained via Tom Paine." Although the Chinese government and most of the U.S. political establishment continue to support the official “bat in the market” story, the majority of Americans, do not. As reported in the UK’s Sunday Times:“According to a Pew Research poll, only 43 percent think the virus came about naturally, while a sizeable 29 percent  believe it was made in a laboratory.” Journalism most foul. It is frustrating, and indeed alarming, that so few independent journalists, scientists, activists, and public officials have thus far been willing to question the “official story.”For 30 years now, myself and others have warned about the dangers of genetically engineered foods and crops and genetically modified organisms (GMOs) in general, including gene-altered bioweapons, gene drives, and the new CRISPR gene-editing technologies.Now it appears that our worst fears have materialized.We need a global public inquiry, led by independent scientists, to gather the evidence on what really happened with COVID-19, followed by an International Biowarfare Crimes Tribunal, so that we can bring the Chinese, U.S. and other perpetrators of this pandemic to justice, and prevent this type of disaster from ever happening again.It’s time to shut down every Biosafety/Biowar lab in the world (including Bayer and Monsanto’s lab) and implement a true global ban on weapons of mass destruction (WMDs), including all atomic, chemical and biological weapons and WMD experimentation.Until we do this, none of us will ever be safe again.The so-called progressive media in America, with a few exceptions, have up until now failed to investigate the real causes of the COVID-19 pandemic, partly out of ignorance of the machinations and arrogant recklessness of the gene engineers and bio-warfare scientists, partly out of fear of appearing to agree with Trump’s racist rantings, or even worse, being branded a “conspiracy theorist” by Establishment Democrats and mass media outlets.And speaking of conspiracies and murder most foul, almost everyone seems to have forgotten about the nationwide panic surrounding the post-9/11 2001 anthrax bioterrorist attacks—used to help justify the invasion of Iraq—against liberal members of the media and the U.S. Congress. Then and now, it was clear that these attacks were carried out not by Arab terrorists, nor a single crazed individual, but by a yet unidentified cabal who engineered and deployed weaponized spores from the U.S. military biowarfare lab at Fort Detrick, Maryland.But perhaps you think we shouldn’t worry so much, since a blockbuster lineup of anti-COVID vaccines are on the way, funded by the Chinese government, Big Pharma and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, likely including some of the same gene engineers who weaponized COVID-19?Never mind that Bill Gates, Monsanto, the Gene Giants and Big Pharma appear quite willing to join up with Facebook and Google to implement a 24/7 totalitarian medical surveillance state, with everyone injected with a mandatory and expensive COVID-19 vaccine, while the world’s dictators, corporate criminals and billionaires hunker down in their underground mansions and bunkers.Never mind that most flu vaccines up until now don’t work that well, especially against constantly mutating viruses like COVID-19, or that they’re routinely laced with aluminum adjuvants and mercury preservatives.Never mind that perhaps our only real defense against biowarfare is to stop eating Big Ag and Big Food’s poison products, and instead strengthen our health and our immune systems, clean up the world’s air, water and environment, shut down factory farms, stop destroying wildlife habitat and pray that herd immunity eventually stops the spread of COVID-19, since so many of us have already been infected, but are asymptomatic.In the meantime, please don’t believe everything you read in the corporate mass media, Facebook or even the progressive press. Stay in touch with and support those of us determined to seek and defend the truth, fight for freedom and justice, and organize for a regenerative future and climate.Don’t forget to eat healthy, organic, regenerative foods, take your immune-boosting supplements, get as much exercise, fresh air and sunshine as possible, wash your hands frequently, stay safe, and stay out of the way of those most vulnerable.Please sign our petition demanding an end to genetic engineering of viruses.|0
There are many conspiracy theories – some believe that reptilians are running the US government and others believe that Coca-Cola uses the blood of Christian babies to produce its soft drinks. There are people who have seen “chemtrails” and others who advocate wearing tinfoil hats when watching television to protect from destructive brainwashing waves. Often, the prophecies of Scripture are interpreted as a commentary on some technological discovery or event. But there are also rational facts that it doesn’t make sense to deny because they are documented. These include the existence of the Bilderberg club, the CIA’s MK-Ultra project, and George Soros’ funding of dubious political activities in a number of countries.The case described below relates to an officially documented fact, although there is something rather biblical about it. Patent WO/2020/060606 was registered on 26 March 2020. The patent application was filed by Microsoft Technology Licensing, LLC, headed by Bill Gates, back on 20 June 2019, and, on 22 April 2020, the patent was granted international status. The title of the patent is “Cryptocurrency system using body activity data”.So, what is this invention that the people at Microsoft decided to patent? The abstract of the patent application online states: “Human body activity associated with a task provided to a user may be used in a mining process of a cryptocurrency system. A server may provide a task to a device of a user which is communicatively coupled to the server. A sensor communicatively coupled to or comprised in the device of the user may sense body activity of the user. Body activity data may be generated based on the sensed body activity of the user. The cryptocurrency system communicatively coupled to the device of the user may verify if the body activity data satisfies one or more conditions set by the cryptocurrency system, and award cryptocurrency to the user whose body activity data is verified.”In other words, a chip will be inserted into the body that monitors a person’s daily physical activity in return for cryptocurrency. If conditions are met, then the person receives certain bonuses that can be spent on something.A detailed description of the “invention” provides 28 concepts for how the device could be used.It also provides a list of countries for which the invention is intended. Essentially, this is all the members of the United Nations and a few regional organisations specified separately – the European Patent Office, the Eurasian Patent Organization, and two African intellectual property protection organisations.Although inserting microchips into the body is nothing new – the Masonic Youth Child Identification Program has been in operation in the US for a while, and people calling themselves cyborgs exhibit various implants – Microsoft’s involvement is interesting. And why has the patent been given the code number 060606? Is it a coincidence or the deliberate choice of what is referred to in the Book of Revelation as the number of the beast?ill Gates’ name is constantly being mentioned these days in connection with his interests in pharmaceutical companies, vaccinations, and WHO funding. Although the globalist media try to highlight Bill Gates as a great philanthropist and protect him from attacks and criticism in every way possible, it is unlikely they’ll be able to conceal a whole web of connections.Bill Gates’ company is involved in another project – the digital ID project ID2020 Alliance. On the website’s homepage, it says that the project has been addressing the issue of digital rights since 2016. In 2018, the Alliance worked with the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. Besides Microsoft, the Alliance includes the Rockefeller Foundation, the design studio IDEO.org (with offices in San Francisco and New York), the consulting firm Accenture, and Gavi, the Vaccine Alliance – a company that actively promotes and distributes various vaccines around the world. The Secretariat for the Alliance is based in New York.It is telling that Gavi, the Vaccine Alliance mostly covers countries in Africa and Asia. In Europe, the organisation is only active in Albania, Croatia, Moldova and Ukraine, and, in the Caucasus, in Georgia, Armenia and Azerbaijan. Gavi, the Vaccine Alliance also has links with the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, the World Bank Group, the World Health Organization, and UNICEF. These are all listed as founding partners!Since February 2020, Gavi, the Vaccine Alliance has been focusing on the coronavirus pandemic. The organisation’s CEO is Dr Seth Berkley. Although the headquarters of Gavi, the Vaccine Alliance are in Geneva, Berkley himself, an epidemiologist by training, is from New York. Since the late 1980s, he has spent eight years working at the Rockefeller Foundation and is a fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations. He is also an advisory council member of the New York-based Acumen Fund.So, yet another link has been found. Theological interpretations of the patent number are probably best left to experts on religion, but it is clear that there are strong links between organisations and companies like the Rockefeller Foundation, Microsoft, the pharmaceutical lobby and the World Bank Group, not to mention secondary service providers. They are trying to play the role of a supranational government by constantly focusing on the fact that, these days, national governments cannot cope with epidemics, illnesses, famines, etc. single-handed. But, as China has shown, they can. The West cannot and does not want to acknowledge this, however, largely because it does not want to share power. So, the globalist media will continue their information campaigns, where the blame will be placed anywhere but on the West. It is telling that right now, as additional information on the coronavirus has started to emerge, false stories on China’s role in the epidemic have been stepped up and statistics manipulated.|0
There is little doubt that the coronavirus threat is overestimated by mainstream media and governments. Covid-19 is in fact an ordinary viral disease with a slightly higher mortality from complications for people of old age or people with weakened immunity. Another open secret is that the current hysteria over the outbreak is being successfully used by some players to achieve their own economic and geopolitical goals. Looking at the current situation in Europe, one could suppose that some forces have seized an opportunity and are now fueling the coronavirus crisis intentionally.|0
The Novel Coronavirus (2019-nCoV) is a respiratory illness first identified in Wuhan City, China. Symptoms include fever, cough, and shortness of breath. The virus can be spread person-to-person in close proximity or from contact with contaminated surfaces.The World Health Organization (WHO) has declared the coronavirus outbreak a pandemic and has named the disease caused by the virus COVID-19. It is related to other coronaviruses such as SARS and MERS, but is not the same virus.“The virus enters the body through the nose, mouth or eyes, then attaches to cells in the airways that produce a protein called ACE2,” according to the New York Times in its explainer “How Coronavirus Hijacks Your Cells.”Infection by COVID-19 is rarely fatal, according to the WHO.“It can be more severe for some persons and can lead to pneumonia or breathing difficulties,” reads a statement on WHO’s website. “Older people, and people with pre-existing medical conditions (such as, diabetes and heart disease) appear to be more vulnerable to becoming severely ill with the virus.”On February 13, 2020, the known worldwide death toll was being reported as “at least 1,357,” with more than 60,000 confirmed cases (see below for recent numbers).In March, large gatherings such as Austin’s SXSW, Rome’s marathon and St. Patrick’s Day parades in Chicago, Dublin and Boston were cancelled. Students were sent home early or classes went online at MIT,  Harvard University and Cornell University.On March 11, 2020, WHO declared the coronavirus outbreak a pandemic, with 118,000 cases in 114 countries, and 4,291 fatalities.“The WHO had not declared a pandemic since 2009,” according to the New York Times, “when it gave that designation to a new strain of H1N1 influenza.” (The CDC estimated that between 151,700 and 575,400 people worldwide died from H1N1.)Notable figures infected with the virus include Oscar-winner Tom Hanks, the UK’s Prince Charles, actor Idris Elba and US Senator Rand Paul. On March 24, Tony Award-winning playwright Terrence McNally (Kiss of the Spider Woman) died of complications from COVID-19.On March 24, the 2020 summer Olympics in Japan were postponed.As of March 25, worldwide cases were being reported as 438,100 people infected with the virus, with a death toll of at least 19,641. In the US, there were 59,502 known cases, according to a New York Times database, and at least 804 deaths due to the pandemic.In April, the US became the country with the most recorded COVID-19 cases, outpacing countries with larger populations. On April 9, the Johns Hopkins University reported 432,579 US cases and 14,830 deaths. Health officials recommended that people wear cloth masks and gloves when in public, in addition to social distancing and hand washing guidelines.High-profile deaths from COVID-19 complications in April included folksinger John Prine, jazz musician Ellis Marsalis, Jr. and Mahmoud Jibril, the former Prime Minister of Libya.As of April 9, worldwide cases totaled 1,503,900, with 89,931 confirmed COVID-19 deaths, according to Johns Hopkins University. In New York City, the death toll exceeded the number of people killed at the terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center on 9/11.Those numbers would continue to grow. By April 29, the U.S. would have more than 1 million recorded COVID-19 cases, which accounted for a third of the worldwide total. The death toll in the U.S. would rise to more than 59,000, which surpassed the number of U.S. casualties in the Vietnam War.Worldwide deaths, as of April 29, were recorded at 219,611.|1
Research so far indicates that COVID-19 spreads more easily and has a higher death rate than the flu.Since the new coronavirus was first discovered in January, many people have compared it with a more well-known disease: The flu.Many of these comparisons pointed to the perhaps underappreciated toll of the flu, which causes millions of illnesses and tens of thousands of deaths every year in the U.S. alone. (During the current flu season, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) estimates that there have been 39 million to 56 million flu illnesses and 24,000 to 62,000 flu deaths in the U.S., although that number is an estimate based on hospitalizations with flu symptoms, not based on actually counting up every person who has died of flu.The new coronavirus disease, COVID-19, has caused more than 1.4 million illnesses and 85,000 deaths in the U.S. as of May 14, according to data from Johns Hopkins University.Both COVID-19 and the flu are respiratory illnesses. But COVID-19 is not the flu. Research so far indicates that COVID-19 spreads more easily and has a higher death rate than the flu.Scientists are racing to find out more about COVID-19, and our understanding may change as new information becomes available. Based on what we know so far, here's how it compares with the flu.Symptoms and severity.Both seasonal flu viruses (which include influenza A and influenza B viruses) and COVID-19 are contagious viruses that cause respiratory illness. Typical flu symptoms include fever, cough, sore throat, muscle aches, headaches, runny or stuffy nose, fatigue and, sometimes, vomiting and diarrhea, according to the CDC. Flu symptoms often come on suddenly. Most people who get the flu will recover in less than two weeks. But in some people, the flu causes complications, including pneumonia. The overall hospitalization rate in the U.S. for flu this season is about 69 hospitalizations per 100,000 people, according to the CDC.With COVID-19, doctors are still trying to understand the full picture of disease symptoms and severity. Reported symptoms in patients have varied from mild to severe, and can include fever, cough and shortness of breath, according to the CDC. Other symptoms may include fever, chills, repeated shaking with chills, muscle pain, headache, sore throat and new loss of taste or smell. COVID-19 symptoms appear to come on more gradually than those of flu, according to Healthline.Older adults and people with underlying medical conditions, including heart disease, lung disease or diabetes, appear to be at higher risk for more serious complications from COVID-19, compared with people in younger age groups and those without underlying conditions.The overall hospitalization rate for COVID-19 in the U.S. is about 50 hospitalizations per 100,000 people as of May 8, although the hospitalization rate for adults ages 65 and older is higher, at 162 hospitalizations per 100,000 people, according to the CDC. (However, because fewer people have likely gotten COVID-19 in the U.S. than have gotten the flu, the odds of becoming hospitalized if you have a confirmed case of COVID-19 are thought to be higher than the odds of being hospitalized with influenza.Children are a high risk group for complications from flu, but this doesn't seem to be the case for COVID-19 — few children have been hospitalized with the new coronavirus. A study of COVID-19 cases in the United States published March 18 found that, among 4,226 reported cases, at least 508 people (12%) were hospitalized, and of these, less than 1% were younger than 20 years old. But recently, COVID-19 has been linked to a rare but serious inflammatory syndrome in children, called  pediatric multisystem inflammatory syndrome. New York City has confirmed 100 cases of the syndrome in children, according to The New York Times.It's important to note that, because respiratory viruses cause similar symptoms, it can be difficult to distinguish different respiratory viruses based on symptoms alone, according to the World Health Organization.Death rate. The death rate from seasonal flu is typically around 0.1% in the U.S., according to news reports.Though the death rate for COVID-19 is unclear, almost all credible research suggests it is much higher than that of the seasonal flu.It's important to note that there is no one death rate for COVID-19; the rate can vary by location, age of person infected and the presence of underlying health conditions, Live Science previously reported.Among reported COVID-19 cases in the U.S., nearly 6% have died. This is what's known as the case fatality rate, which is determined by dividing the number of deaths by the total number of confirmed cases. But the case fatality rate is limited for a few reasons. First, not everyone with COVID-19 is being diagnosed with the disease — this is in part due to testing limitations in the U.S. and the fact that people who experience mild or moderate symptoms may not be eligible for or seek out testing. As the number of confirmed cases goes up, the fatality rate may decrease.Researchers from Columbia University recently estimated that only 1 in 12 cases of COVID-19 in the U.S. are documented, which they said would translate to an infection fatality rate of about 0.6%, according to The Washington Post. But even this lower estimate is still at least six times higher than that of the flu. (The case fatality rate in people who become sick with flu may be 0.1%, but when you account for people who become infected with flu but never show symptoms, the death rate will be half or even a quarter of that, the Post reported.What's more, unlike the flu, for which there is a vaccine, everyone in the population is theoretically susceptible to COVID-19. So while the flu affects 8% of the U.S. population every year, according to the CDC, between 50% and 80% of the population could be infected with COVID-19, according to a study published March 30 in the journal The Lancet. In the  U.S., that would translate to 1 million deaths from COVID-19 if half the population becomes infected and there are no social distancing measures or therapeutics, the Post reported.Advertisement. Another limitation with the case fatality rate is that some people who are counted as confirmed cases may eventually die from the disease, which would lead to an increase in the death rate. For example, South Korea initially reported a case fatality rate of 0.6% in early March, but it later rose to 1.7% by the beginning of April, according to New Scientist.It's also important to note that estimates of flu illnesses and deaths from the CDC are just that — estimates (which make certain assumptions) rather than raw numbers. (The CDC does not know the exact number of people who become sick with or die from the flu each year in the U.S. Rather, this number is estimated based on data collected on flu hospitalizations through surveillance in 13 states.) A recent paper published in the journal JAMA Internal Medicine emphasized this point when it found that, in the U.S., there were 20 times more deaths per week from COVID-19 than from the flu in the deadliest week of an average influenza season, Live Science previously reported.Virus transmission. The measure scientists use to determine how easily a virus spreads is known as the "basic reproduction number," or R0 (pronounced R-nought). This is an estimate of the average number of people who catch the virus from a single infected person, Live science previously reported. The flu has an R0 value of about 1.3, according to The New York Times.Researchers are still working to determine the R0 for COVID-19.  Preliminary studies estimated an R0 value for the new coronavirus to be between 2 and 3, according to a review study published Feb. 28 in the journal JAMA. This means each infected person has spread the virus to an average of 2 to 3 people.Some studies suggest COVID-19 has an even higher R0 value. For example, a study published April 7 in the journal Emerging Infectious Disease used mathematical modeling to calculate an R0 of nearly 6 in China.It's important to note that R0 is not a constant number. Estimates can vary by location, depending on such factors as how often people come into contact with each other and the efforts taken to reduce viral spread, Live Science previously reported.Pandemics. Seasonal flu, which causes outbreaks every year, should not be confused with pandemic flu, or a global outbreak of a new flu virus that is very different from the strains that typically circulate. This happened in 2009 with the swine flu pandemic, which is estimated to have infected up to 1.4 billion people and killed between 151,000 and 575,000 people worldwide, according to the CDC. There is no flu pandemic happening currently.On March 11, the WHO officially declared the outbreak of COVID-19 a pandemic. This is the first time the WHO has declared a pandemic for a coronavirus.Prevention. Unlike seasonal flu, for which there is a vaccine to protect against infection, there is no vaccine for COVID-19. But researchers in the U.S. and around the world are working to develop one.In addition, the flu has several treatments approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), including antiviral drugs such as amantadine and rimantadine (Flumadine), and inhibitors of influenza, such as oseltamivir (Tamiflu) and zanamivir (Relenza). In contrast, the FDA has yet to approve any treatments for COVID-19, although approval for remdesivir, an antiviral initially developed to treat Ebola, is pending.In general, the CDC recommends the following to prevent the spread of respiratory viruses, which include both coronaviruses and flu viruses: Wash your hands often with soap and water for at least 20 seconds; avoid touching your eyes, nose and mouth with unwashed hands; avoid close contact with people who are sick; stay home when you are sick; and clean and disinfect frequently touched objects and surfaces. Wearing cloth face coverings in public and practicing social distancing — or staying at least 6 feet (1.8 meters) away from other people — is also recommended to prevent the spread of COVID-19.|1
RUSH: Folks, this coronavirus thing, I want to try to put this in perspective for you. It looks like the coronavirus is being weaponized as yet another element to bring down Donald Trump. Now, I want to tell you the truth about the coronavirus. (interruption) You think I’m wrong about this? You think I’m missing it by saying that’s… (interruption) Yeah, I’m dead right on this. The coronavirus is the common cold, folks.The Drive-By Media hype of this thing as a pandemic, as the Andromeda strain, as, “Oh, my God, if you get it, you’re dead.” Do you know what the — I think the survival rate is 98%. Ninety-eight percent of people get the coronavirus survive. It’s a respiratory system virus. It probably is a ChiCom laboratory experiment that is in the process of being weaponized. All superpower nations weaponize bioweapons. They experiment with them. The Russians, for example, have weaponized fentanyl. Now, fentanyl is also not what it is represented to be.If you watch cop shows, then you probably… Stick with me on this. If you watch cop shows, you probably believe that just the dust from a package of fentanyl can kill you if you’re in the same room with it. Not true. Not true. Even the cheap kind of fentanyl coming from China that’s used to spike heroin… They use fentanyl ’cause it’s cheap. It gives a quick hit, doesn’t last very long, which is really cool if you’re trying to addict people.But it doesn’t kill people the way it’s projected on TV. It can if you OD on it. But inhaling a little fentanyl dust is not going to cause you to lose consciousness and stop breathing as they depict on cop shows. It’s dangerous. Don’t misunderstand. But it isn’t the way it’s portrayed in popular criminal TV shows, cop shows, and so forth and so on. The coronavirus is the same. It’s really being hyped as a deadly Andromeda Strain or Ebola pandemic that, “Oh, my God, is going to wipe out the nation. It’s going to wipe out the population of the world.”The stock market’s down like 900 points right now. The survival rate of this is 98%! You have to read very deeply to find that number, that 2% of the people get the coronavirus die. That’s less than the flu, folks. That is a far lower death statistic than any form of influenza, which is an annual thing that everybody gets shots for. There’s nothing unusual about the coronavirus. In fact, coronavirus is not something new. There are all kinds of viruses that have that name. Now, do not misunderstand. I’m not trying to get you to let your guard down.Nobody wants to get any of this stuff. I mean, you never… I hate getting the common cold. You don’t want to get the flu. It’s miserable. But we’re not talking about something here that’s gonna wipe out your town or your city if it finds its way there. This is a classic illustration of how media coverage works. Even if this media coverage isn’t stacked, even if this is just the way media normally does things, this is a hyped, panic-filled version. It’s exactly how the media deals with these things to create audience, readership, interest, clicks, what have you.It originated in China in a little — well, not a little town. It’s a town that is 11 million people, Wuhan, China. One of the reasons they’re able to hype this is that the doctor what warned everybody about it came down with it and died. So if a doctor got it, “Oh, my God, Rush! A doctor got it? You can’t possibly be right if a doctor can’t protect himself.” He didn’t know what he was dealing with. He discovered it back in December. I’m telling you, the ChiComs are trying to weaponize this thing. Here’s the story on Russians and fentanyl.Fentanyl is a very, very powerful opiate — and for those of you that haven’t had any experience with opiates, the people that get addicted to ’em take them and they get very euphoric. They kill pain. They do wonderful things. But they make you very, very euphoric. They act like speed. Other people take ’em, and they hate ’em. It makes ’em vomit, throw up, feel nauseous. It doesn’t do anything for ’em. They’re never gonna get addicted.So in Moscow the Chechens, way back… I’m gonna go back now — what is it — maybe 10 years or longer. A bunch of Chechen rebels took over an opera house and had a bunch of Russian hostages in there and made all kinds of threats — and Putin, unbeknownst to anybody, had weaponized fentanyl. He’d turned it into a gas, an invisible gas. He just put it in the ventilation system of this opera house or whatever it was (I’m giving you the sketchy, short version of this) and everybody in there fell asleep and died. You know, in a drug overdose, you stop breathing.That’s what… It slows down your respiratory system so much that you stop breathing. That’s what an OD is, and everybody in that place, including the Chechens — Pfft! — had no idea what happened to ’em. It’s not violent. You just fall asleep for unknown reasons at the amounts that Putin weaponized and put in there. If you take a normal dose of fentanyl that you get from a doctor in a hospital, it’s not gonna kill you, obviously. But the amount they weaponized — and up to this time, nobody had ever weaponized fentanyl.Nobody had ever made it into an invisible, odorless, colorless gas, until it was discovered that the Russians had done it. Well, every nation is working on things like this, and the ChiComs obviously in their lab are doing something here with the coronavirus — and it got out. Some people believe it got out on purpose, that the ChiComs have a whole lot of problems based on an economy that cannot provide for the number of people they have. So losing a few people here or there is not so bad for the Chinese government.There could be anything to explain this.But the way it’s being used… I believe the way it’s being weaponized is by virtue of the media, and I think that it is an effort to bring down Trump, and one of the ways it’s being used to do this is to scare the investors, to scare people in business. It’s to scare people into not buying Treasury bills at auctions. It’s to scare people into leaving, cashing out of the stock market — and sure enough, as the show began today, the stock market — the Dow Jones Industrial Average — was down about 900 points, supposedly because of the latest news about the spread of the coronavirus.And if you go deeper into China, you will see that all of the high-tech Silicon Valley firms are said to be terribly exposed. “They could be suffering a disastrous year. Why, you may not be able to buy a new iPhone of any model this whole year! Do you know that? Because the coronavirus is so bad that the factories may never open — and if they do, they may not be anywhere near full capacity.” So Apple may not be able to release any new product. You think that’s not gonna panic investors? It most certainly is.So Apple is trying to do what they can to suggest that these rumors are not true. They got new products coming this year. But the tech media hates Apple. They love anti-Apple stories. They love anything that will let them report that Apple’s on its last legs. Of course, that’s not true. Warren Buffett came out today and said, “Apple is the best run company ever.” He’s a big stockholder. So people will say he’s biased about it. But the bias you have to pay attention to is how much money he invested. He got $36 billion in Apple stock that Berkshire Hathaway has.They sold $800 million of Apple stock last week, and everybody said, “Oh, my God, he’s getting out!” No, he’s not. He’s got $36 billion. He sold $800 million. No big deal. He wanted to allocate it somewhere else. So this is… I think the coronavirus is an effort to get Trump. It’s not gonna work. It’s one of the latest in a long line of efforts that the Drive-By Media’s making to somehow say that Trump and capitalism are destroying America and destroying the world. Just keep in mind where the coronavirus came from.It came from a country that Bernie Sanders wants to turn the United States into a mirror image of: Communist China. That’s where it came from. It didn’t come from an American lab. It didn’t escape from an American research lab. It hasn’t been spread by Americans. It starts out in a communist country. Its tentacles spread all across the world in numbers that are not big and not huge, but they’re being reported as just the opposite. Just trying to keep it all in perspective.BREAK TRANSCRIPT.RUSH: Here’s Neil in Orlando. Great to have you on the program, sir. Hello.CALLER: Hello, Rush. Man, I’m blessed to have the chance to talk to you. I cannot believe it. So you were talking about the coronavirus a little bit a while ago, and what’s the one thing that disappeared when the coronavirus came out?RUSH: Well, let me see. What one thing? Just hang on. What disappeared? What disappeared? What disappeared? Oh, the protests in Hong Kong went away.CALLER: Yes. That’s it.RUSH: That’s a big.CALLER: Yup.RUSH: (whispering) Talent on loan from God.CALLER: That sure is.RUSH: That’s probably the big one, the protests in Hong Kong.CALLER: That’s my take from it. I don’t know. I’ve got a friend over there that sends me stuff. But there’s a lot… We don’t want to start any conspiracy theories, but this will be my only time I ever get through to you ’cause I’ve been calling since ’92. But I just want to say about your talent on loan from God: Just in the time, I was on hold listening to you, and it got me to the point where I just wanted to say that Trump got no notice about Russian meddling like Sanders did. So why not? I wonder about that. When Carter was president, my first home buying — I was a first-time home buyer — the rate was 13.33%. I’ll never forget it, and that was a first-time homeowner!RUSH: I know. I know.CALLER: That was a deal!RUSH: I know. I know.CALLER: That was a deal at 13.33%!RUSH: I bought my first shack, you know, at that time in Overland Park, Kansas. I had no business buying it. But everybody said, “You gotta buy! Don’t rent. You’re throwing money away if you rent.”CALLER: Mmm-hmm.RUSH: So, you know, my one time I became a conformist, it got me. I didn’t want to live in this shack! I never wanted to move into this shack. But it’s what I bought, so I had to move into the thing.CALLER: And one more.RUSH: I didn’t even want people to take me home. I didn’t want people to see this shack that I lived in. One day, we’re playing football — the Chiefs front office, the Royals front office — after the baseball season. Thursday afternoon flag football. George Brett’s playing and he offered to take me home. I said (chuckles), “No, George, I’m fine.” I didn’t want Brett to see where the shack was. So, yeah, 13% interest rates during Carter, and it was bad. Carter actually coined the term “malaise” to describe his own administration and its effect on the American economy!We had “the misery index” and all of that.But look, back to the coronavirus for just a second. That is true that the Hong Kong protests strangely subsided as the news of the coronavirus expanded — and I’ll tell you, it is a way. If you are a totalitarian government and you need to control your population, one of the best ways of doing it is unleashing something they think is a deadly disease and then you, as the dictator, have the “safety solutions.” You have the ability to round people up from their homes and take ’em to so-called health camps.Be very leery of this, folks.It probably is not what the media’s leading you to believe it is.|0
Seriously sick coronavirus patients in New York state's largest hospital system are being given massive doses of vitamin C — based on promising reports that it's helped people in hard-hit China, The Post has learned.Dr. Andrew G. Weber, a pulmonologist and critical-care specialist affiliated with two Northwell Health facilities on Long Island, said his intensive-care patients with the coronavirus immediately receive 1,500 milligrams of intravenous vitamin C.Identical amounts of the powerful antioxidant are then re-administered three or four times a day, he said.Comment: 1,500mg three or four times per day is not a "massive dose". That's 4.5 - 6 grams; standard operating procedure when someone has a cold or flu. If they're going to the trouble of doing intravenous C, it would behoove them to do an actual large dose; something not achievable via the oral route.Each dose is more than 16 times the National Institutes of Health's daily recommended dietary allowance of vitamin C, which is just 90 milligrams for adult men and 75 milligrams for adult women.The regimen is based on experimental treatments administered to people with the coronavirus in Shanghai, China, Weber said."The patients who received vitamin C did significantly better than those who did not get vitamin C," he said."It helps a tremendous amount, but it is not highlighted because it's not a sexy drug."A spokesman for Northwell — which operates 23 hospitals, including Lenox Hill Hospital on Manhattan's Upper East Side — said that vitamin C was being "widely used" as a coronavirus treatment throughout the system, but noted that medication protocols varied from patient to patient."As the clinician decides," spokesman Jason Molinet said.About 700 patients are being treated for coronavirus across the hospital network, Molinet said, but it's unclear how many are getting the vitamin C treatment.The vitamin C is administered in addition to such medicines as the anti-malaria drug hydroxychloroquine, the antibiotic azithromycin, various biologics and blood thinners, Weber said.As of Tuesday, New York hospitals have federal permission to give patients a cocktail of hydroxychloroquine and azithromycin to desperately ill patients on a "compassionate care" basis.President Trump has tweeted that the unproven, combination therapy has "a real chance to be one of the biggest game changers in the history of medicine."Weber, 34, said vitamin C levels in coronavirus patients drop dramatically when they suffer sepsis, an inflammatory response that occurs when their bodies overreact to the infection."It makes all the sense in the world to try and maintain this level of vitamin C," he said.A clinical trial into the effectiveness of intravenous vitamin C on coronavirus patients began Feb. 14 at Zhongnan Hospital in Wuhan, China, the epicenter of the pandemic.Comment: Finally, something that actually makes sense in this COVID-19 mess! It's nice to see that at least some hospitals are taking seriously the reports coming from doctors in Wuhan, testifying to the effectiveness of vitamin C. Hopefully, they'll up the dose and see how miraculous this stuff really is.|0
Health care workers are our first line of defense against disease, whether coronavirus or otherwise. In order to safely and effectively do their jobs they need to both have proper training and the right protective equipment. This keeps them safe from infection in “peace time” and during a large outbreak like we have now.Health care workers are often the first affected by these types of outbreaks and to some extent can act as a canary in the coalmine for how infectious a new disease outbreak is.  In the past, health care workers have died from infections and also amplified initial cases spreading the outbreak quickly.  If we are to protect health workers and limit transmission, we must do more to ensure the right training and the right equipment are available all the time and not just once an outbreak has started.Health workers are making heroic efforts in China, where they have converged on the epicenter. They can only protect us if they are protected.|1
Is anyone else buying the official dogma? Excuse me, narrative?What we’re seeing, quite clearly, is a totalitarian system subversively imposed on us, step by step.  Yet, like watching a magician who does his tricks right in front of his audience, we can’t see the sleight of hand! First lockdowns happened in Italy and France, causing millions of people to live out a daily nightmare in deep fear – fear of the virus, with isolation being imposed upon them.Today, I’ve just seen major announcements by the UK and South Africa to lockdown those countries (and I am currently in the UK) for an ‘initial’ three weeks.Having watched some compelling evidence that we are going towards an Orwellian state, it’s vital to get the truth out there before we all accept this level of paranoia and fear as ‘normal’.Ask yourself, do you now accept as ‘normal’ the heightened security (military and police presence) and the wearing of masks, social distancing, self-isolation and so on.  To what degree have you internalised this as ‘the way it must be?’The governments and faceless “experts” are making these draconian rules for everybody — AND we sorely need to question what these so-called experts say because they are part of the very system that created and spread the unnecessary fear, just so the system can later do what IT wants without any critical questioning of motive.Looked at with a critical eye, the ensuing panic and madness is helping to cement into our minds a different order of reality.We are being told not to question authority any longer, and the narrative we’ve being fed is a constantly fear-based one, with logic being used to justify the tightening of the proverbial noose around our necks.In today’s speech by the UK Prime Minister, the public has been told they should only leave to go for exercise, shopping for necessities, medical reasons, and travelling to and from work if needed.Weddings and baptisms should not go ahead (can you imagine?). Places of worship, where people find solace together in God or a Higher Power, has been banned as well. From tonight, only supermarkets, convenience stores and pharmacies can be open and people will only be able to leave the house once a day to exercise and once to go to the shops. (Well, at least we can get out, eh?)We are being treated like criminals (‘house arrest’), and the programming is so subversive because no one feels they can can go against it – it is a matter of conscience now.  We will be destroying the NHS, overloading those on the from line!  We will be spreading the virus, and killing each other, and being totally irresponsible – and nobody wants that.Lots of deep programming has now happened since January that has led us to accept ‘our fate’ and we’re not even questioning the fact that these measures are continually destabilising our trust in our own bodies — and, worse, EACH OTHER.The medical system is being made to look like GOD, or at least A SAVIOUR.Do you know anyone who’s genuinely happy?  I don’t… any fleeting happiness is immediately overshadowed.  This is the biggest coup against humanity today, is it not?  And it’s spine-chillingly brilliant.Would a government that truly cared about you be SO controlling?  Remember, in an abusive relationship, the victim often hates what’s being done but stays anyway – and, quite perversely, may love the abuse as a sign of ‘love’.See the correlation?  (Just step back).Here’s an excerpt of the UK PM’s speech:people will only be allowed to leave their home for the following very limited purposes:shopping for basic necessities, as infrequently as possibleone form of exercise a day – for example a run, walk, or cycle – alone or with members of your household; any medical need, to provide care or to help a vulnerable person; and travelling to and from work, but only where this is absolutely necessary and cannot be done from home.That’s all – these are the only reasons you should leave your home.You should not be meeting friends. If your friends ask you to meet, you should say No.You should not be meeting family members who do not live in your home.You should not be going shopping except for essentials like food and medicine — and you should do this as little as you can. And use food delivery services where you can.If you don’t follow the rules the police will have the powers to enforce them, including through fines and dispersing gatherings.To ensure compliance with the Government’s instruction to stay at home, we will immediately:close all shops selling non-essential goods, including clothing and electronic stores and other premises including libraries, playgrounds and outdoor gyms, and places of worship; we will stop all gatherings of more than two people in public – excluding people you live with;and we’ll stop all social events , including weddings, baptisms and other ceremonies, but excluding funerals.Parks will remain open for exercise but gatherings will be dispersed.I understand that it’s phrased carefully, with just enough sympathy for you to feel it’s absolutely necessary, or they wouldn’t be doing it.I’ve seen that the vast majority of people, at least where I live, being cautions, and most places are shut.This move is nonsensical, and rooted in distrust.Basically, what the power elite wants is to cripple all form of social contact for the foreseeable future (AT LEAST 3 weeks), and slowly but slowly small and even some medium sized businesses will collapse as we have the ‘creep’.  Let’s see, I’m not judging… but 3 weeks can become 4 weeks, and it can become 6 weeks, or much worse.Right now, we don’t have any real say, because we’ve all given our power away.The government, of course, will be seen to be doing its bit.. it’s “promised” to help, to give out money to protect the economy (which was created by us yesterday) and if you fail, well, it’s your own fault. Of course, the government will be sad to see individuals and families struggle, but what can they do?  They don’t make the rules, do they?  They are just trying to save lives.. after all, the medical system is the ONLY ONE capable of such things. The human body is faulty and stupid, and it’s dangerous to think otherwise.Let’s just forget about the all the evidence that points to the fact that the human body is highly intelligent!We Are Social Beings. What do people usually do in times of crisis?  They come together to join hands, literally and metaphorically!We always do best when we are united, not split up into tiny fragments.What kind of ‘new normal’ do we want?  This is the vital question!  Not the virus – which is going to do what it’s going to do for God’s sake.I hear all the time ‘the hospitals can’t cope’ – well, of course they can’t.  They weren’t designed to!  The government has been getting rid of beds for the past few decades, reducing staff, moving parts of it into private hands as well!And now it “cares”, all of a sudden?  It is the ‘saviour’ of all of us, is it?Who caused the mass fear and panic, and the rush to the hospitals?  The media narrative.Let’s ask a basic, very human question: What if we all took care of each other instead of relying on the state to save us?We are all very capable of helping our loved ones through even the worst  of illnesses and sicknesses most of the time – but we’re being told a scare story… you’ll get sick, you’ll kill your loved ones (so you’ll be to blame), you won’t be able to fight this virus and you need the governmental solutions that are coming (vaccines).We must wake up from our lethargy and distinguish between catching the virus itself (remember, thousands of people have got better WITHOUT medical intervention) and the overreaction or under-reaction of the body itself.The global mainstream media is constantly whitewashing the death statistics since it’s easier to scare us that way! Why don’t they encourage us with statistics of how many are RECOVERING?The greatest coup against humanity to date?The human ego in all of us lives in constant fear of death – and what is the ego?  It is you as the body, along with your thoughts and emotions.This is deeply understood by all those who have the (military) power, and it’s used all the time to control the ‘enemy’.  In this case, us.The public is the enemy, not the virus.  Do you see?A subtle shift in awareness can see this very easily.How the ego operates, Firstly, the ego fears psychological death — so it attacks anyone with a different opinion, particularly anyone who doesn’t conform to accepted narrative.  So, we’re going to fight against those who ‘don’t listen.’Do as you’re told!Secondly, it lives in constant fear of physical death, the ultimate annihilation for the ego.  From a spiritual vantage point, all forms dissolve. Some dissolve quickly, some more slowly, but we will all face death sooner or later, is this not true?Today’s Western society lives in a deep fear of death – death is, in fact, hidden away in the closet and rarely looked at.Today, the constant flashing up of an “increasing death rate” into people’s minds is causing more and more panic, more and more doubt in ourselves and our bodies.Please don’t believe for a second that THE SYSTEM now suddenly gives a sh*t about the old, the frail or vulnerable.  It really couldn’t care less – it’s a joke.  If it cared, it would be cocooning them, helping them feel safe, giving them vital nutrition, informing them how to boost their immune systems and deploying technological medical advances to keep them safe upfront. Also, suddenly all the governments who never had the money to support us (the public) can now suddenly create — out of thin air — trillions of dollars (pounds/euros whatever)?  Why? So we can be DEPENDANT on THEM as we spiral downward into a massive depression.  Make no mistake, it’s coming as we sit back and just follow the narrative.This rolling out of ‘problem reaction solution’ is now unfolding before us and controlling everyone’s behaviours – and it’s a flashpoint.  You, apparently, can harm me, and i can harm you etc.  TRUST is being eroded between us.This self-isolating for long periods of time does.  It BREAKS the human spirit.The way the ‘control’ of the ‘virus’ is being handled is a chilling coup against humanity.Skewed Data and What About 5G?According to GreenMedInfo.com, “serious doubts about the accuracy of COVID-19 testing methods, results, mortality rates, and the supposedly unique and extreme lethality of this virus are starting to emerge… A recent study released by Italy’s national health authority found that nearly everyone who was pronounced dead from COVID-19 was already struggling with serious chronic disease(s).”But the most brilliant analysis of the data and the GLOBAL PICTURE to date comes from a lady called Dana Ashlie, who has meticulously researched the rather inconvenient link between 5G and the spread of the virus globally.  Do you know 5G was very active in Wu-han when the outbreak happened?Pharma and Compulsory Vaccination.Pharma and Vaccine companies benefit from a sickness and disease model, and they will do anything to protect it.Right now, many people rightly refuse to vaccinate for the flu, and for other types of diseases where they feel it isn’t necessary  — but NOW it will become mandatory by law to have everything Big Brother (the Global State) tells you to have.And because everybody is broken up into teeny, tiny pieces, we are feeling our most vulnerable and alone.  But it’s “for our own good” and we will “save the world”!  How poetic!Soon to be in a theatre near you, pharma will unveil the ‘magic bullet’ solution, injecting us all with adjuvants that contain (amongst other things) aluminium and  viruses from monkeys and foetuses — but it will be for our own “bodily health” and to “protect us” from each other, even though we face economic collapse.It seems we will do anything to save ourselves at this point.Is the human spirit BROKEN?Again, if we care to piece the puzzle together, we’ll see that the narrative is about:Making us fearful — and keeping us in fear.Giving us a powerful TOP DOWN solution to remove the FEAR later on. Making sure we never question the narrative from the top ever again – so that we are ‘humbled’ before the system and Pharma (the God/Saviour of humanity)… we all need a saviour right now, don’t we?  (Not).Job Done.Bill Gates recently stepped down from Microsoft to concentrate on more “philanthropic efforts” and that particular individual will only invest his money where hundreds of trillions of dollars in return can be made.Mandatory human vaccines fit the bill for this particular agenda because Gates set up the Gates Foundation to deal with developing new vaccines.The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, Wellcome, and Mastercard recently committed up to $125 million in seed funding to speed-up the response to the COVID-19 epidemic — and this very small investment pales in comparison to the colossal return he will make when the vaccine is announced and the world world is ready to have it injected for fear of getting the virus again.  Do the math.Most people have bought the narrative of self-isolation and the “problem reaction solution” is firmly rooted in place, all in the proverbial blink of an eye.Time has moved quickly, and we haven’t had a chance to literally ‘catch our breath.’On social, I’ve seen people talking about how the skies are clearer, how the birds are singing, how everything is healing… well, this might be true, and I love that! But please, DON’T think for a moment that the well-oiled machine of Pharma, GM foods, Vaccines, the ongoing destruction of our Rainforests, the killing of our wildlife, Big Oil and Gas exploration (fracking) and so forth isn’t going to kick back in if we are unable to take care of ourselves because we are facing financial losses of immense proportions.If we descend into the pit of hell where we can’t even take care of ourselves, then survival issues kick in, and the wider humanitarian issues disappear overnight, and your government knows this:Organic foods, gone … or will be too expensive to buy.Many or most small family businesses gone.Sustainable businesses and industry gone. Green energy, gone – or very limited access to it – or, worse, controlled by those who currently have all the power.Yoga studios, gyms and other ‘health’ places gone – or seriously reduced, with dependancy on meds being practically the only choice.Anyone else seeing what I’m seeing?The Global State is coming to ‘save’ you.I believe in the basic good of humanity BUT we still have war/genocide on this planet, torture, toxic pollutants, death by medicine, and God only knows what else. We have been asleep at the wheel, allowing these systems to pollute our minds and, right now, we are witnessing the final blow.Those who truly run this world – and i’m talking about people with TRILLIONS in their pockets, which is NO small thing – are seeing just how much we will accept. Right now, I’m seeing friends on facebook towing the ‘party line’.  The language is telling: Stay At Home.Do the ‘right’ thing.Flatten the curve.We just accept and repeat, don’t we?The three lines above are actually the voice of the Collective Ego talking to us, TELLING us not to think for ourselves, not to question THE PLAN.The collective ego, if you don’t already know, is utterly mad and dysfunctional.Your spirit would NEVER do this to you – the spirit empowers you to take care of yourself by facing death head on.  Even if you cannot overcome death, the coming together of humanity is a salve that would immediately bring DEEP PEACE.But your government knows that, and doesn’t want it.  Stick to the agenda.Watch the sinister conversation from Event 201 on Dana Ashlie’s video… how they simulated a CV pandemic, and the measures they would take to break us down, and to then gain our trust.Remember, just two weeks ago the UK Prime Minister was telling the UK people that they would absolutely not have any draconian measures imposed upon them – and that this approach was based on clear science.  We were told, very clearly, that we would not be following Europe’s or China’s example.Now look at the colossal change in a very short space of time… step by step the noose is being tightened around everyone’s necks.But, don’t worry, it’s for our own good!People look at the news and thus they say things have got worse… but WHY have they?  It is because of the virus alone?NO!  It is the separation from each other that is KILLING US.We are very good at swallowing this meticulously crafted story, are we not?Over and over again we go back for more.The link between 5G and 60Ghz causing harm to humans is clear.  People in Wu-han were falling over dead with 5G, having seizures, and heart arrhythmia, and also a dry cough that attacks the lungs.  Since when did a ‘pneumonia like flu’ be totally dry?  See Dans’s video.But practically no one in mainstream media has been alking about it, or is talking about it.  Complete silence, in fact.Collectively, we need to wake up right now and see this nightmare for what it is — a colossal taking back of mind power BY THOSE IN POWER.The Flu – where has it gone?According to Dr Vernon Coleman, a former GP and the author of over 100 books, the World Health Organisation estimates that the number of people dying from ‘seasonal influenza’ each year is between 290,000 and 650,000, and that, in a bad year, well over half a million people die from the flu. In one bad winter month, the death toll from flu could approach 100,000.That’s not the number who get it. That’s the number who die from it.And the “deadly” coronavirus? Today, the official figure is 16,000 people have died of the coronavirus since the first diagnosis was made, and about 6,000 cases are in Italy, one of the worst countries hit.Italy has had 5G.But we’re not asking the right questions.  In fact, very few are questioning anything at all.We live and walk in a collective nightmare and we seem incapable of getting ourselves out of it.Open your eyes humanity – the boogeyman is not real.We CAN cope with illness and even death from a virus, but a “living death” imposed on us by an Orwellian global society will be far, far worse… and, ironically, lead to even more deaths over the long term.For a start, when you are in fear or depressed, your immune system is drastically weakened, that’s a hard fact to be concerned about!Nobody “at the top” is bothering to tell you how to strengthen your immune system. Why?  Nobody is discussing the link between 5G, the frequency of 60Ghz, and the outbreak of CV. Why?Because that would be self-defeating! It would empower you!It’s best to tell you to hide behind the warm skirt of Big Brother until it tells you it’s 100% safe to come out.  Then you do ANYTHING the state tells you!Today, we have allowed SECRECY to be allowed, instead of TRANSPARENCY.  It’s astounding – and, even now, we are still blind as to the true motives going on behind the scene.David Icke, is his analysis correct?A new video was recently posted featuring an interview with the famous David Icke.I leave it to you to witness the unfolding events on the world stage, and to see if any of his comments stack up!  I don’t resonate with everything Icke says, but I do resonate with a lot of it.  The unfortunate thing is that he is labelled as a ‘conspiracy theorist’ and most people switch off when they hear those two words together. In fact, so do I. But we have an opportunity to go beyond labels and seeing the information ‘as it is.’Just listen, and then playback what’s happened since January in your own mind.  Do you see the correlation?The ramifications of the lock-downs: Psychology 101.Will we all hide in fear of this particular virus for another 4 months (to 18 months!!) whilst the world economy collapses and people hit absolute rock bottom?  Who is going to be there to pick up the pieces?NOT the governments of this world, let me tell you that unequivocally now.I’m not anti-government, but I AM anti BS.  I’m against the FEAR being spread daily.The only weapon we have is truth and love – both will always dissolve fear.Truth might NOT be comfortable to hear – because most people have been conditioned not to question their government(s)?  Even highly intelligent people.We can “self-isolate” for a short while but it will only damage us further because a very deep fear that has been sown into our minds.Think about what it’s going to you.Healing ourselves: making the decision to have courage.We have to make the individual and collective effort to face the virus with courage, not fear.  And to handle it with more grace – something that the governments of this world will never be able to give us.We must not allow our very livelihoods to collapse because of guilt and fear.If we stay connected, with each other, we may make a new decision about whether to return to work sooner – right now, I don’t see anyone petitioning the governments.Sure, we will have some sicknesses and even deaths, but we will NOT be imposed upon by an invisible tyranny.WE must remember that our bodies CAN kill the virus — and that’s the CORE message we need to hear right now – but we’re not hearing it, ever.We also need to give ourselves permission to drop the fear, and the guilt of the virus spreading and “killing others.”  This separates us from being connected and powerful. And finally, remember that nobody can control life and death, least of all our governments and experts.Today, we can choose to stand in our power and become an enlightened society, or we can descend into the hell of an autocratic technocracy, where we are subservient to a medical, faceless God.We have FORGOTTEN the strength and power of the human body – and the fact that it can fight off diseases, even pandemics.  Not everyone will survive but, together, we will be stronger.  Doing what we are collectively doing today, we will be totally broken and unable to even function.WE are being PLAYED.|0
COVID-19 is, of course, a biological weapon. It has an artificial origin, like this information wave raised around it. And the creators are supposedly the former head of Microsoft, one of the richest people on the planet, Bill Gates, and the so-called benefactor George Soros. In addition, the “Deep state”, with its centre in London is closely connected with these two. The “headquarter” of this game is located in the British Salisbury.|0
The EU is selfish and betrays its own values. EU’s imminent collapse were combined with the portrayal of Ukraine as a “failed state” that was “abandoned by its European allies.|0
Viral posts on social media claim COVID-19 is no worse than other outbreaks that have occurred in “every election year,” suggesting that the new coronavirus is being “hyped” to hurt President Donald Trump|0
COVID-19 doesn’t pose any known risk to blood donors during the donation process or from attending blood drives.Blood donation is a highly regulated, safe process—and most centers have implemented additional precautions including increased sanitation of donor areas, use of PPE, and social distancing to enhance their already-healthy environments. Additionally, since donors must be healthy on donation day, risk of exposure to sick individuals is extremely low.While donors may worry that they could be infected but asymptomatic, respiratory viruses are not generally thought to be transmitted by blood transfusion. There are no reported cases to date of transfusion transmission of COVID-19.Even during a shelter-in-place, people still require critical medical care. They will continue to be in car crashes, need emergency organ transplants and chemotherapy, and give birth to babies in critical condition. The need for blood is constant, and we continue to rely on blood donors’ generosity. |1
Europ is in panic. It’s targeted not only by a new wave of illegal migrants sent by Turkey and the collapse of energy markets, but also by a coronavirus threat. Over the past days, Italy became the key center of the coronavirus outbreak sparking declarations about a total lockdown.The virus, known as Covid-19, has now infected close to 115,000 people worldwide and resulted in more than 4,000 deaths. The majority of these cases are in mainland China, where the outbreak first emerged. As of March 10, a total of 80,761 cases and 3,136 deaths were registered. However, Beijing seems to be gaing an upper hand and the rate of infection has been slowing significantly in the country, and the situation stabilizing. Over 60,000 people recovered and during the past 24 hours, there were only 26 new coronavirus cases registered in mainland China. The nubmer of coronavirus cases per 1 million of population stands at approximately 56.1.South Korea, which was another epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak, is also dealing with the situation successfully. The toal number of cases is 7,513. The number of death is 54. During the past 24 hours there were 35 new cases registered only. The total number of cases per 1 million of people is 146.5.The situation is fully different in Europe. During the past few days only, Italy (mostly), France and Spain turned to be the center of chaos and virus hysteria. The speed and scale of the outbreak is surprising. According to live updates, there were a total of 9,172 cases registered in Italy with 463 deaths already. 1,797 new cases and 97 new deaths were registered on March 9 only. The number of total cases per 1 million of population is 151.7. This is higher than in China and South Korea despite the fact that the density of population in Italy is much lower.The crisis in France and Span is not so acute, but it also surprising.Europe has almost 1.5 months to prepare for the spreading coronavirus problem. However, no effective measures were apparently employed. The disregard to epidemiological norms and measures needed to combat the oubreak is among the key issues named by local sources.Until recently, all limitations and measures employed by Italian authorities were merely a formality. On March 9, the northern region of Lombardy and 14 other provinces were placed under lockdown. Additional measures included blanket travel restrictions, a ban on all public events, the closures of schools and public spaces such as movie theaters, and the suspension of religious services including funerals or weddings. However, Italy is already the center of the outbreak and all these measures appear to be at least late.For example, India, which is located relatively near such centers of the outbreak as South Korea, China and Iran, did not fall into such a crisis. The difference is in the measures employed.There is little doubt that the coronavirus threat is overestimated by mainstream media and governemnts. Covid-19 is in fact an ordinary viral disease with a slightly higher mortality from complications for people of old age or peopel with weakened immunity. Another open secret is that the current hysteria over the outbreak is being successfully used by some players to achieve their own economic and geopolitical goals. Looking at the current situation in Europe, one could suppose that some forces have seized an opportunity and are now fueling the coronavirus crisis intentionally.|0
the COVID-19 pandemic was caused by the emergence of 5G technology. viruses don't really cause disease, but are "debris" released by "poisoned cells".|0
Scientists are developing more than 100 coronavirus vaccines using a range of techniques, some of which are well-established and some of which have never been approved for medical use before.Most of these vaccines target the so-called spike proteins that cover the virus and help it invade human cells. The immune system can develop antibodies that latch onto spike proteins and stop the virus.A successful vaccine for the SARS-CoV-2 coronavirus would teach people’s immune systems to make antibodies against the virus without causing disease.Whole-Virus Vaccines.Vaccines that modify the entire coronavirus to provoke an immune response.Inactivated and Live Attenuated Vaccines.Most vaccines in use today incorporate an inactivated or weakened form of a virus that is not able to cause disease. When immune cells encounter them, they make antibodies.Making these vaccines means growing viruses — and lots of them. Influenza vaccines are typically grown in chicken eggs, and other vaccines are grown in tanks full of floating cells. These procedures can take months to produce a batch of new vaccines.EXAMPLES: Conventional vaccines for influenza, chickenpox, measles, mumps and rubella all fall into this category.COMPANIES DEVELOPING SARS-COV-2 VACCINES: Sinovac and others.Genetic Vaccines.Vaccines that use part of the coronavirus’s genetic code.DNA Vaccines.A number of experimental coronavirus vaccines don’t deliver whole viruses. Instead, they deliver genetic instructions for building a viral protein. The protein can then stimulate the immune system to make antibodies and help mount other defenses against the coronavirus.One of these genetic approaches is known as a DNA vaccine. A circle of engineered DNA is delivered into cells. The cells read the viral gene, make a copy in a molecule called messenger RNA, and then use the mRNA to assemble viral proteins. The immune system detects the proteins and mounts defenses.Prototype DNA vaccines based on the spike protein protected monkeys from the coronavirus.EXAMPLES: DNA vaccines have been approved for veterinary cases such as canine melanoma and West Nile virus in horses. There are no approved DNA vaccines for use in humans, but researchers are running trials to see if they might be effective for diseases such as Zika and the flu.COMPANIES: Inovio and others.RNA Vaccines. Some researchers want to skip DNA and instead deliver messenger RNA into cells. The cells read the mRNA and make spike proteins that provoke an immune response.The biotech company Moderna recently completed a small safety trial with eight volunteers that showed promising early results against the coronavirus.Both RNA and DNA vaccines can be produced more quickly than traditional methods.EXAMPLES: There are no approved RNA vaccines, but they are in clinical trials for MERS and other diseases.Viral Vector Vaccines. Vaccines that use a virus to deliver coronavirus genes into cells.Vaccines Using Adenovirus or Other VirusesViruses are very good at getting into cells. Since the 1990s, researchers have been investigating how to use them to deliver genes into cells to immunize people against diseases.To create a coronavirus vaccine, several teams have added the spike protein gene to a virus called an adenovirus. The adenovirus slips into cells and unloads the gene. Because the adenovirus is missing one of its own genes, it cannot replicate and is therefore safe.EXAMPLES: Several virus vector vaccines are used to vaccinate animals against rabies and distemper. Johnson & Johnson has developed H.I.V. and Ebola vaccines using an adenovirus. Both have proven safe in humans and are now in efficacy trials.Protein-Based Vaccines.Vaccines that use a coronavirus protein or a protein fragment.Virus-Like Particle Vaccines.Some vaccines are particles that contain pieces of viral proteins. They can’t cause disease because they are not actual viruses, but they can still show the immune system what coronavirus proteins look like.EXAMPLES: The vaccine for HPV falls into this category.COMPANIES: Medicago, Doherty Institute and others.Recombinant Vaccines.Yeast or other cells can be engineered to carry a virus’s gene and spew out viral proteins, which are then harvested and put into a vaccine. A coronavirus vaccine of this design would contain whole spike proteins or small pieces of the protein.EXAMPLES: This category includes some vaccines for shingles and hepatitis B.COMPANIES: Novavax and others.|1
The 2019-nCov (coronavirus) epidemic originated in Wuhan, China and is now spreading to many other continents and countries, causing a public fear. Worst of all, there is no vaccine or specific antiviral drugs for 2019-nCov available. This adds to the public fear and gloomy outlook. A quick, rapidly deployable and accessible, effective and also safe treatment is urgently needed to not only save those patients, to curtail the spread of the epidemic, but also very important in the psychological assurance to people worldwide, and to the Chinese in particular. Acute organ failure, especially pulmonary failure (acute respiratory distress syndrome, ARDS) is the key mechanism for 2019-nCov's fatality. Significantly increased oxidative stress due to the rapid release of free radicals and cytokines etc. is the hallmark of ARDS which leads to cellular injury, organ failure and death. Early use of large dose antioxidants, especially vitamin C (VC), therefore, plays a key role in the management of these patients. We call upon all those in the leadership, and those providing direct assistance patients, to bravely and rapidly apply large dose intravenous vitamin C (IVC) to help those patients and to stop this epidemic.2019-nCov is a rapidly developing epidemic with a high morbidity and mortality.Wang et al reports 26% ICU admission rate and a 4.3% mortality rate in their 138 confirmed cases. Chen et all report that out of 99 confirmed 2019-nCov patients, 17 (17%) patients developed ARDS and, among them, 11 (11%) patients worsened in a short period of time and died of multiple organ failure.Increased oxidative stress, an underlying "cytokine storm," leads to ARDS which is the key pathology of high mortality of these pandemic viral infections. Cytokine storm-induced ARDS is the key pathology leading to death of these patients. Intravenous vitamin C effectively counters oxidative stress.Cytokine stormCoronaviruses and influenza are among the pandemic viruses that can cause lethal lung injuries and death from ARDS. Viral infections cause a "cytokine storm" that can activate lung capillary endothelial cells leading to neutrophil infiltration and increased oxidative stress (reactive oxygen and nitrogen species) that further damages lung barrier function. ARDS, which is characterized by severe hypoxemia, is usually accompanied by uncontrolled inflammation, oxidative injury, and the damage to the alveolar-capillary barrier. The increased oxidative stress is a major insult in pulmonary injury such as acute lung injury (ALI) and acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS), two clinical manifestations of acute respiratory failure with substantially high morbidity and mortality.In a report of 29 patients confirmed of 2019-nCov pneumonia patients, 27 (93%) showed increased hsCRP, a marker of inflammation (and oxidative stress). Transcription factor nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor 2 (Nrf2) is a major regulator of antioxidant response element- (ARE-) driven cytoprotective protein expression. The activation of Nrf2 signaling plays an essential role in preventing cells and tissues from injury induced by oxidative stress. Vitamin C is an essential element of the antioxidant system in cellular response.Part of vitamin C's biological effects in critical care management are well reviewed in a recent article by Nabzdyk and Bittner from Mass Gen Hospital of Harvard Medical School on World's Journal of Critical Care Medicine:Antioxidants, especially large dose IV vitamin C (IVC) in the management of ARDS.It's clear that increased oxidative stress plays a major role in the pathogenesis of ARDS and death. Cytokine storm is observed in both viral and bacterial infections Cytokine storm leads to increased oxidative stress, ARDS and death seems to be a common and non-specific pathway. This is important in clinical management. Since the prevention and management targeting increased oxidative stress with large dose of antioxidants seems a logical step and can be applied to these deadly pandemics, without the lengthy waiting for pathogen-specific vaccines and drugs, as is the case of the current 2019-nCov epidemic.As a matter of fact, large dose intravenous vitamin C (IVC) has been used clinically successfully in viral ARDS and also in influenza. Fowler et al described a 26-year-old woman developed viral ARDS (rhinovirus and enterovirus-D68). She was admitted to ICU. After failure to routine standard management, she was placed on ECMO on day 3. High dose IVC (200mg/kg body/24 hour, divided in 4 doses, one every 6 hours) was also started on ECMO day 1. Her lungs showed significant improvement on day 2 of high dose IVC infusion on X-ray imaging. She continued to improve on ECMO and IVC and ECMO was discontinued on ECMO day 7 and the patient recovered and was discharged from the hospital on hospital day 12, without the need of supplemental oxygen. One month later, X-ray of her lungs showed complete recovery. Gonzalez et al (including one of the authors, Thomas Levy) reported recently a severe case of influenza successfully treated with high dose IVC. 25-year-old MG developed flu-like symptoms which was rapidly deteriorating to the degree that, about 2 weeks later, the patient barely had the energy to use the toilet. He was placed on high dose IVC (50,000 mg of vitamin C in 1000 ml Ringer's solution, infused over 90 minutes). The patient immediately reported significant improvement the next day. On day 4 of IVC infusion he reported to feel normal. He continued oral VC (2,000 mg twice daily). Another story has been widely circulating on the social media that large dose IVC reportedly was used in 2009 to save a New Zealand farmer, Alan Smith (Primal Panacea). One of us (Thomas Levy) was consulted upon in this case [11] [12]. Hemila et al reported that vitamin C shortens ICU stay in their 2019 meta-analysis of 18 clinical studies with a total of 2004 ICU patients on the journal Nutrients. In this report, 17,000 mg/day IVC shortened the ICU stay by 44%. Marik et al reported their use of IVC in 47 sepsis ICU cases. They found a significant reduction in mortality rate in the IVC group of patients.Dietary antioxidants (vitamin C and sulforaphane) were shown to reduce oxidative-stress-induced acute inflammatory lung injury in patients receiving mechanical ventilation. Other antioxidants (curcumin) have also been shown to have promising anti-inflammatory potential in pneumonia.High dose IVC has been clinically used for several decades and a recent NIH expert panel document states clearly that high dose IVC (1.5 g/kd body weight) is safe and without major side effects.Summary.2019-nCov pneumonia is a rapidly developing disease with high morbidity and mortality rate. The key pathogenesis is the acute lung injury causing ARDS and death. Coronaviruses, influenza viruses and many other pandemic viral infections are usually associated with an increase oxidative stress leasing to oxidative cellular damage resulting in multi-organ failure. Antioxidants administration therefore has a central role in the management of these conditions, in addition to the standard conventional supportive therapies. Preliminary clinical studies and case reports show that early administration of high dose IVC can improve clinical conditions of patients in ICU, ARDS and flu. It needs to be pointed that pandemics like 2019-nCov will happen in the future. Specific vaccines and antiviral drugs R&D take long time to develop and are not available for the current nCov epidemic and won't be ready when the next pandemic strikes. IVC and other antioxidants are universal agents for ARDS that can be rapidly applied clinically. Given that high dose IVC is safe, can be effective, we call on the involved leadership and healthcare professionals to look into high dose IVC without further delay. More clinical studies of the IVC and oral VC (such as liposomal-encapsulated VC) are needed to develop standard protocols for the current use and future uses are urgently needed. We hope when the next pandemic strikes, we won't be so helpless and we'll be ready.|0
Some people infected with the virus have no symptoms. When the virus does cause symptoms, common ones include fever, body ache, dry cough, fatigue, chills, headache, sore throat, loss of appetite, and loss of smell. In some people, COVID-19 causes more severe symptoms like high fever, severe cough, and shortness of breath, which often indicates pneumonia.People with COVID-19 are also experiencing neurological symptoms, gastrointestinal (GI) symptoms, or both. These may occur with or without respiratory symptoms.For example, COVID-19 affects brain function in some people. Specific neurological symptoms seen in people with COVID-19 include loss of smell, inability to taste, muscle weakness, tingling or numbness in the hands and feet, dizziness, confusion, delirium, seizures, and stroke.In addition, some people have gastrointestinal (GI) symptoms, such as loss of appetite, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, and abdominal pain or discomfort associated with COVID-19. These symptoms might start before other symptoms such as fever, body ache, and cough. The virus that causes COVID-19 has also been detected in stool, which reinforces the importance of hand washing after every visit to the bathroom and regularly disinfecting bathroom fixtures.|1
Garlic is a healthy food that may have some antimicrobial properties. However, there is no evidence from the current outbreak that eating garlic has protected people from 2019-nCoV|1
Since the start of the COVID-19 crisis in Europe, multiple structures of the EU have demonstrated that they are not capable and not interested in dealing with the real problems of EU member states. They are mostly concerned with keeping the national governments under own control, sucking money of national states and selling European interestes to the global establishment. The myth about the so-called ‘European’ or ‘Euro-Atlantic’ unity was also destroyed by the reality. However, the situation seems to be even worse.Aleksey Pushkov, a Russian Senator and a former chairman of the Russian State Duma Committee on International Affairs, said on March 23 that Poland had refused to let Russian IL-76 military aircraft carrying aid to coronovirus-hit Italy use its airspace.Poland did not let Russian aircraft carrying aid to Italy pass through its airspace. This is meanness at the level of public policy. Moreover, the help was for an ally of Poland in the EU and NATO. From now on, Russia should not meet Poland half-way, on any issue,” he wrote.Pushkov was not the only who noted that Russian aircraft delivering medical aid to Poland flies to Italy via a long route. They were forced to make a detour, having to travel at least 3,000km more than if routed through Polish airspace. The senator’s statement has not been confirmed by either the Polish authorities or the Russian Defence Ministry. There is a chance that the Russian side opted to use the longer route to deliver medial aid to Italy by instant reasons.Since March 22, the Russian Defense Ministry has sent at least 14 flights of IL-76 military transport aircraft with dozens pieces of medical equipment, and hundreds of medics and viral agent defense specialists to Italy. The Russian COVID-19 response team is now actively engaged in containing the outbreak in the country.|0
ATLANTA—In an effort to stop the spread of the potentially lethal pathogen, the Centers for Disease Control held a press conference Monday to urge Americans to just say “No” if a friend offers them the coronavirus. “While it may seem cool to be seen around the park or the mall with a runny nose and hacking cough, there are very real negative side effects to experimenting with this virus,” said Satish Pillai, a medical officer in the Division of Preparedness and Emerging Infections, asking the assembled reporters to remember that the most deadly disease vector of all is peer pressure. “I know what you’re thinking: ‘I’ll just get a couple of respiratory infections at a party. I can stop anytime I want.’ But it’s not that simple, and soon the virus has you in its seductive grip. So, if you see someone collapsing from a fever, just tell them, ‘No thanks, I don’t need an infectious agent to have fun.’” Pillai added that if you feel you absolutely must try the coronavirus, be sure to contract it from someone you know and trust as it may turn out to be something more lethal, such as Avian Flu or SARS|0
Bill Gates hosted a closed-door meeting for global elites and the invitation came with a COVID-19 coronavirus plush toy, a few months later thousands would be dead. Welcome to the New World Order.What I am about to show you is so unbelievable, so infused with conspiracy theory , that your mind will immediately reject it. Yet, the information is 100% true and taken from Johns Hopkins own website. Let me take you back to the evening of October 18, 2019, to a gathering entitled ‘Event 201’, something Johns Hopkins calls a ‘global pandemic exercise’. Of course, it was invitation only, and held behind closed doors. The financing for this event came from none other than the Bill Gates Foundation.To everyone who attended, they were given a cute and cuddly COVID-19 plush toy, the very one you see in the photo at the top of this article. Can you imagine what kind of sick-minded marketing people could conceive of a coronavirus stuffed animal? Wake up, people, the New World Order is not playing around, and yes, they have no qualms of any kind about creating a plush toy out of a killer virus that to date has infected 181,377 people, and has killed 7,118 people, and they best part? They proudly display these statistics on the official Johns Hopkins website, click here to see it for yourself. I wonder if they have any of those cute and cuddly coronavirus plushies left?The fact that Bill Gates was a host of this event surprises no one who is a regular reader of NTEB, no sir. Take a look:In 1999, Gates gave over 20 million dollars to Johns Hopkins to establish a wing of the hospital where the Foundation was born. This foundation has always hidden behind the mantra of “Health and help” for women in third world countries. The thrust of the foundation has been working with the big Pharma companies, to create vaccines for the masses in these impoverished countries.For years we’ve been watching as Microsoft founder Bill Gates, now retired from the company he founded, use his billions to give ‘free vaccinations‘ to people in third world countries. Now Bill has become a founding partner in another company, this one is called the ID2020 Alliance, and its goal is to give every human being on Earth a digital id. How do they plan on accomplishing this feat? By combining mandatory vaccinations with implantable microchips. Genius, isn’t it? And coming soon to a theater near you, as the saying goes.The participants of Event 201, invited there by the rich and powerful elites that rule the world, sat and war-gamed how an outbreak of COVID-19 coronavirus might go. Looks like the meeting was a success because just one month to the day later, the first case of COVID-19 was reported in China, and well, you know the rest.Event 201 And The Current COVID-19 Coronavirus Outbreak. FROM JOHNS HOPKINS: The Johns Hopkins Center for Health Security in partnership with the World Economic Forum and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation hosted Event 201, a high-level pandemic exercise on October 18, 2019, in New York, NY. The exercise illustrated areas where public/private partnerships will be necessary during the response to a severe pandemic in order to diminish large-scale economic and societal consequences.Official Statement of Denial About nCoV and Our Pandemic Exercise. In recent years, the world has seen a growing number of epidemic events, amounting to approximately 200 events annually. These events are increasing, and they are disruptive to health, economies, and society. Managing these events already strains global capacity, even absent a pandemic threat. Experts agree that it is only a matter of time before one of these epidemics becomes global—a pandemic with potentially catastrophic consequences. A severe pandemic, which becomes ‘Event 201’, would require reliable cooperation among several industries, national governments, and key international institutions. Event 201 Pandemic Exercise: Highlights Reel. Selected moments from the Event 201 pandemic tabletop exercise hosted by The Johns Hopkins Center for Health Security in partnership with the World Economic Forum and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation on October 18, 2019, in New York, NY. The exercise illustrated the pandemic preparedness efforts needed to diminish the large-scale economic and societal consequences of a severe pandemic.Bill Gates on Population ControlWhy have Bill Gates and friends raised $4.3 BILLION to vaccinate 80 MILLION children in Third World Countries? Shouldn’t sufficient food supply and clean drinking water be the first priority. What good is a healthy immune system if you’re going to die of starvation or be poisoned by your water? WATCH and LISTEN to this video very carefully and you will understand the TRUE agenda behind their efforts. THERE ARE STERILIZATION AGENTS IN THE VACCINES, which will prevent these children from having children in the future. It’s really not about protecting their health at all. It’s all about POPULATION CONTROL. Now The End Begins is your front line defense against the rising tide of darkness in the last days before the Rapture of the Church. When you contribute to this fundraising effort, you are helping us to do what the Lord called us to do. The money you send in goes primarily to the overall daily operations of this site. When people ask for Bibles, we send them out at no charge. When people write in and say how much they would like gospel tracts but cannot afford them, we send them a box at no cost to them for either the tracts or the shipping, no matter where they are in the world. Even all the way to South Africa. We even restarted our weekly radio Bible study on Sunday nights again, thanks to your generous donations. All this is possible because YOU pray for us, YOU support us, and YOU give so we can continue growing.|0
Abundant clinical evidence confirms vitamin C's powerful antiviral effect when used in sufficient quantity. Treating influenza with very large amounts of vitamin C is not a new idea at all. Frederick R. Klenner, MD, and Robert F. Cathcart, MD, successfully used this approach for decades. Frequent oral dosing with vitamin C sufficient to reach a daily bowel tolerance limit will work for most persons. Intravenous vitamin C is indicated for the most serious cases.Bowel tolerance levels of vitamin C, taken as divided doses all throughout the day, are a clinically proven antiviral without equal. Vitamin C can be used alone or right along with medicines if one so chooses."Some physicians would stand by and see their patients die rather than use ascorbic acid. Vitamin C should be given to the patient while the doctors ponder the diagnosis." (Frederick R. Klenner, MD, chest specialist).Dr. Robert Cathcart advocated treating influenza with up to 150,000 milligrams of vitamin C daily, often intravenously. You and I can, to some extent, simulate a 24 hour IV of vitamin C by taking it by mouth very, very often. When I had pneumonia, it took 2,000 mg of vitamin C every six minutes, by the clock, to get me to saturation. My oral daily dose was over 100,000 mg. Fever, cough and other symptoms were reduced in hours; complete recovery took just a few days. That is performance at least as good as any pharmaceutical will give, and the vitamin is both safer and cheaper. Many physicians consider high doses of vitamin C to be so powerful an antiviral that it may be ranked as a functional immunization for a variety influenza strains.Dr. Cathcart writes:"The sicker a person was, the more ascorbic acid they would tolerate orally without it causing diarrhea. In a person with an otherwise normal GI tract when they were well, would tolerate 5 to 15 grams of ascorbic acid orally in divided doses without diarrhea. With a mild cold 30 to 60 grams; with a bad cold, 100 grams; with a flu, 150 grams; and with mononucleosis, viral pneumonia, etc. 200 grams or more of ascorbic acid would be tolerated orally without diarrhea. The process of finding what dose will cause diarrhea and will eliminate the acute symptoms, I call titrating to bowel tolerance."The ascorbate effect is a threshold effect. Symptoms are usually neutralized when a dose of about 90% or more of bowel tolerance is reached with oral ascorbic acid. Intravenous sodium ascorbate is about 2½ times more powerful than ascorbic acid by mouth and since for all practical purposes huge doses of sodium ascorbate are non-toxic, whatever dose necessary to eliminate free radical driven symptoms should be given."The coronavirus, in acute infections, may be expected to be just as susceptible to vitamin C as all of the other viruses against which it has been proven to be extremely effective. There has never been a documented situation in which sufficiently high dosing with vitamin C has been unable to neutralize or kill any virus against which it has been tested.Even the common cold is a coronavirus. A "new" opportunistic virus is a not a big surprise. History is full of them.Flu Pandemic of 1919-1920. About 10 million soldiers were killed in World War I (1914-1918), charging machine guns and getting mowed down month after month. There were nearly a million casualties at the Somme and another million at Verdun. A terrible slaughter went on for four years. Yet, in just the two years following the war, over 20 million people died from influenza. That is more than twice as many deaths from the flu in one-half the time it took the machine guns.With a century's worth of accumulated scientific hindsight, we must today ask this: Was a lack of vaccinations really the cause of those flu deaths, or was it really wartime stress, and especially war-induced malnutrition, that set the stage in 1918? And now, once again, we have an alarming and rather similar scenario: between nutrient-poor processed convenience foods, McNothing meals and TV news scare stories, we have the basic ingredients for an epidemic.Influenza is a serious disease, and historically, has been the Reaper's scythe. There is no way to make light of that. It warrants a closer look at how the medical profession and government have approached different types of influenza.In the mid-1970s, there was the colossal Swine Flu panic. Here is what the government of the United States said about the infamous Swine Flu vaccine, in a 1976 mass-distributed FDA Consumer Memo on the subject:"Some minor side effects - tenderness in the arm, low fever, tiredness - will occur in less than 4% of (vaccinated) adults. Serious reactions from flu vaccines are very rare."Many will remember the very numerous and very serious side effects of Swine Flu vaccine that forced the federal immunization program to a halt. So much for blanket claims of safety.As far as being essential, in the same memo the FDA said this of the same vaccine:"Question: What can be done to prevent an epidemic? Answer: The only preventive action we can take is to develop a vaccine to immunize the public against the virus. This will prevent the virus from spreading."This was seen to be totally false. The public immunization program for Swine Flu was abruptly halted and still there was no epidemic. If vaccination were the only defense, one might expect that tens of millions of Americans would have been struck down with the Swine Flu, for a large percentage of the population of the U.S. was not vaccinated."Vaccines are being used as an ideological weapon. What you see every year as the flu is caused by 200 or 300 different agents with a vaccine against two of them. That is simply nonsense." (Tom Jefferson, MD, epidemiologist).Robert F. Cathcart, MD, writes: "Treatment of the Bird Flu with massive doses of ascorbate would be the same as any other flu except that the severity of the disease indicates that it may take unusually massive doses of ascorbic acid orally or even intravenous sodium ascorbate. (Why the dose needed is somewhat proportional to the severity of the disease being treated is discussed in my paper published in 1981, Titrating to Bowel Tolerance, Anascorbemia, and Acute Induced Scurvy.) I have not seen any flu yet that was not cured or markedly ameliorated by massive doses of vitamin C but it is possible that the bird flu may require even higher doses such as 150 to 300 grams a day. Additionally, this flu could be primarily respiratory. This means that hospitalization might be necessary. If massive doses of ascorbate are not used, they may not be adequate. Most hospitals will not allow adequate doses of ascorbate to be given."Initial oral doses of ascorbic acid should also be massive. I would suggest like 12 grams every 15 minutes until diarrhea is produced. Then, however, doses should be reduced but not much. Listen to your body. If there are many symptoms, keep taking doses that cause a little diarrhea. You do not want constant runs because it is the amount you absorb that is important, not the amount you put in your mouth."BBC - 9 April 2006: "The chances of bird flu virus mutating into a form that spreads between humans are 'very low,' the government's chief scientific adviser has said. Sir David King said any suggestion a global flu pandemic in humans was inevitable was 'totally misleading.'"The coronavirus outbreak in China seems to be due to a virus similar to SARS (Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome), which was also a coronavirus. You may remember SARS from 2002. I most certainly do, as I was in Toronto, Canada at the time, smack in the middle of it. I took a lot of vitamin C preventively and had zero symptoms."The common cold is a coronavirus, and SARS is a coronavirus, so they are the same viral type." (David Jenkins, MD, Professor of Medicine and Nutritional Science, University of Toronto). Waiting for a vaccine?"We have set up a situation where a fear is created, and then we try to create the treatment for this fear. The public gets the idea that the flu is going to kill them and the vaccine will save them. Neither is true." (Marc Siegel, MD, author of False Alarm: The Truth About the Epidemic of Fear). Robert F. Cathcart: "All this talk about a vaccine is too late; a waste of time now, especially when we know how to cure the disease already. Every flu I have seen so far (since 1970) has been cured or ameliorated by massive doses of ascorbate. All of these diseases kill by way of free radicals. These free radicals are easily eliminated by massive doses of ascorbate. This is a matter of chemistry, not medicine. The time has come to stop hiding our ability to treat these acute infectious diseases with massive doses of ascorbate."Ideally, however, in serious cases this disease should be treated first with at least 180 grams or more of sodium ascorbate intravenously every 24 hours running constantly until the fever is broken and most of the symptoms are ameliorated. If after a few hours that rate of administration does not have an obvious ameliorating effect, the rate should be increased."What dosage?Vitamin C fights all types of viruses. Although the dose should truly be high, even a low supplemental amount of vitamin C saves lives. This is very important for those with low incomes and few treatment options. For example, in one well-controlled, randomized study, just 200 mg/day vitamin C given to the elderly resulted in improvement in respiratory symptoms in the most severely ill, hospitalized patients. And there were 80% fewer deaths in the vitamin C group.But to best build up our immune systems, we need to employ large, orthomolecular doses of several vital nutrients. The physicians on the Orthomolecular Medicine News Service review board specifically recommend at least 3,000 milligrams (or more) of vitamin C daily, in divided doses. Vitamin C empowers the immune system and can directly denature many viruses. It can be taken as ascorbic acid (which is sour like vinegar), either in capsules or as crystals dissolved in water or juice. It can also be taken as sodium ascorbate, which is non-acidic. To be most effective, it should be taken to bowel tolerance. This means taking high doses several (or many) times each day. See the references below for more information.Nebulized hydrogen peroxide. Thomas E. Levy, MD: "Viral syndromes start or are strongly supported by ongoing viral replication in the naso- and oropharynx. When appropriate agents are nebulized (into a fine spray) and this viral presence is quickly eliminated, the rest of the body "mops up" quite nicely the rest of the viral presence. The worst viral infections are continually fed and sustained by the viral growth in the pharynx. Probably the best and most accessible agent to nebulize would be 3% hydrogen peroxide for 15 to 30 minutes several times daily."An example of successful treatment by ascorbate:"Chikungunya is a viral illness characterized by severe joint pains, which may persist for months to years. There is no effective treatment for this disease. We treated 56 patients with moderate to severe persistent pains with a single infusion of ascorbic acid ranging from 25-50 grams and hydrogen peroxide (3 cc of a 3% solution) from July to October 2014. Patients were asked about their pain using the Verbal Numerical Rating Scale-11 immediately before and after treatment. The mean Pain Score before and after treatment was 8 and 2 respectively (60%) (p < 0.001); and 5 patients (9%) had a Pain Score of 0. The use of intravenous ascorbic acid and hydrogen peroxide resulted in a statistically significant reduction of pain in patients with moderate to severe pain from the Chikungunya virus immediately after treatment."Available evidence indicates that supplementation with multiple micronutrients with immune-supporting roles may modulate immune function and reduce the risk of infection. Micronutrients with the strongest evidence for immune support are vitamins C and D and zinc.Additional recommended nutrients. Magnesium: 400 mg daily (in citrate, malate, chelate, or chloride form). Many people are deficient in magnesium, because modern agriculture often does not supply adequate magnesium in the soil, and food processing removes magnesium. It is an extremely important nutrient that is essential for hundreds of biochemical pathways. A blood test for magnesium cannot correctly diagnose a deficiency. A long-term deficiency of magnesium can build up in the body that may take 6 months to a year of higher than normal doses to replete.A very cheap and highly beneficial adjunct for any acute infection, especially viral, is oral magnesium chloride. Amazingly, just as intravenous vitamin C has been shown to cure polio, an oral magnesium chloride regimen has been shown to do the same thing, as or even more effectively than the vitamin C.Mix 25 grams MgCl2 in a quart of water. Depending on body size (tiny infant to an adult), give 15 to 125 ml of this solution four times daily. If the taste is too salty/bitter, a favorite juice can be added.Vitamin D3: 2,000 International Units daily. (Start with 5,000 IU/day for two weeks, then reduce to 2,000). Vitamin D is stored in the body for long periods but takes a long time to reach an effective level. If you are deficient (e.g. if you haven't taken vitamin D and it's near the end of winter when the sun is low in the sky) you can start by taking larger than normal doses for 2 weeks to build up the level quickly. The maintenance dose varies with body weight, 400-1000 IU/day for children and 2000-5000 IU/day for adults.William Grant, PhD, says: "Coronaviruses cause pneumonia as does influenza. A study of the case-fatality rate from the 1918-1919 influenza pandemic in the United States showed that most deaths were due to pneumonia. The SARS-coronavirus and the current China coronavirus were both most common in winter, when vitamin D status is lowest.""I have found the value of bolstering immune function with Vitamin D to be incredibly powerful." Zinc is a powerful antioxidant and is essential for many biochemical pathways. It has been shown to be effective in helping the body fight infections. [20,21] A recommended dose is 20-40 mg/day for adults.Selenium: 100 mcg (micrograms) daily. Selenium is an essential nutrient and an important antioxidant that can help to fight infections. Dr. Damien Downing says: "Swine flu, bird flu and SARS (another coronavirus) all developed in selenium-deficient areas of China; Ebola and HIV in Selenium-deficient areas of Sub-Saharan Africa. This is because the same oxidative stress that causes us inflammation forces viruses to mutate rapidly in order to survive. 'When Se-deficient virus-infected hosts were supplemented with dietary Se, viral mutation rates diminished and immunocompetence improved.'"B-complex vitamins and vitamin A: A multivitamin tablet with each meal will supply these conveniently and economically.Nutritional supplements are not just a good idea. For fighting viruses, they are absolutely essential.|0
Take a deep breath and hold your breath for more than 10 seconds. If you complete it successfully without coughing, without discomfort, stiffness or tightness, etc., it proves there is no (COVID-19 caused) Fibrosis in the lungs, basically indicates no infection|0
Every election year has a disease; coronavirus has a contagion factor of 2|0
What is the infamous ID2020? It is an alliance of public-private partners, including UN agencies and civil society. It’s an electronic ID program that uses generalized vaccination as a platform for digital identity.It seems, the more there is written about the causes of the Coronavirus – the more the written analyses are overshadowed by a propaganda and fear-mongering hype. Questions for the truth and arguments for where to look for the origins and how the virus may have spread and how to combat it, are lost in the noise of wanton chaos. But isn’t that what the “Black Men” behind this intended pandemic want – chaos, panic, hopelessness, leading to human vulnerability – a people becoming easy prey for manipulation?Today WHO declared the coronavirus COVID-19 a “pandemic” – when there is not the slightest trace of a pandemic. A pandemic might be the condition, when the death to infection rate reaches more than 12%. In Europe, the death rate is about 0.4%, or less. Except for Italy which is a special case, where the peak of the death rate was 6% (see below for further analysis).China, where the death rate peaked only a few weeks ago at about 3%, is back to 0.7% – and rapidly declining, while China is taking full control of the disease – and that with the help of a not-spoken-about medication developed 39 years ago by Cuba, called “Interferon Alpha 2B (IFNrec)”, very effective for fighting viruses and other diseases, but is not known and used in the world, because the US under the illegal embargo of Cuba does not allow the medication to be marketed internationally.WHO has most likely received orders from “above”, from those people who also manage Trump and the “leaders” (sic) of the European Union and her member countries, those who aim to control the world with force – the One World Order.This has been on the drawing board for years. The final decision to go ahead NOW, was taken in January 2020 at the World Economic Forum (WEF) in Davos – behind very much closed doors, of course. The Gates, GAVI (an association of vaccination-promoting pharmaceuticals), Rockefellers, Rothschilds et al, they are all behind this decision – the implementation of Agenda ID2020 – see below. After the pandemic has been officially declared, the next step may be – also at the recommendation either by WHO, or individual countries, “force vaccination”, under police and/or military surveillance. Those who refuse may be penalized (fines and / or jail – and force-vaccinated all the same).If indeed force-vaccination will happen, another bonanza for Big Pharma, people really don’t know what type of cocktail will be put into the vaccine, maybe a slow killer, that acts-up only in a few years – or a disease that hits only the next generation – or a brain debilitating agent, or a gene that renders women infertile …. all is possible – always with the aim of full population control and population reduction. In a few years’ time, one doesn’t know, of course, where the disease comes from. That’s the level of technology our bio-war labs have reached (US, UK, Israel, Canada, Australia…).Another hypothesis, at this point only a hypothesis, but a realistic one, is that along with the vaccination – if not with this one, then possibly with a later one, a nano-chip may be injected, unknown to the person being vaccinated. The chip may be remotely charged with all your personal data, including bank accounts – digital money. Yes, digital money that’s what “they” are aiming at, so you really have no control any more over your health and other intimate data, but also over your earnings and spending. Your money could be blocked, or taken away – as a ‘sanction’ for misbehavior, for swimming against the stream. You may become a mere slave of the masters. Comparatively, feudalism may appear like a walk in the park.It’s not for nothing that Dr. Tedros, DG of WHO, said a few days ago, we must move towards digital money, because physical paper and coin money can spread diseases, especially endemic diseases, like the coronavirus. A precursor for things to come? – Or for things already here? – In many Scandinavian countries cash is largely banned and even a bar of chocalate can be paid only electronically.We are moving towards a totalitarian state of the world. This is part of Agenda ID2020 – and these steps to be implemented now – prepared since long, including by the coronavirus computer simulation at Johns Hopkins in Baltimore on 18 October 2019, sponsored by the WEF and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.Bill Gates, one of the chief advocates of vaccinations for everybody, especially in Africa – is also a huge advocate of population reduction. Population reduction is among the goals of the elite within the WEF, the Rockefellers, Rothschilds, Morgens – and a few more. The objective: fewer people (a small elite) can live longer and better with the reduced and limited resources Mother Earth is generously offering.This had openly been propagated already in the 1960s and 70s by Henry Kissinger, Foreign Secretary in de Nixon Administration, a co-engineer of the Vietnam war, and main responsible for the semi-clandestine bombing of Cambodia, a genocide of millions of unarmed Cambodian civilians. Along with the CIA-Kissinger engineered coup on 9/11, 1973, in Chile, killing the democratically elected Salvador Allende and putting the military dictator Pinochet in power, Kissinger has committed war crimes. Today, he is a spokesman (so to speak) for Rockefeller and their  “Bilderberger Society”.More than Just a Virus. Two weeks after the computer simulation at Johns Hopkins Medical Center in Baltimore, Maryland, that “produced” (aka simulated) 65 million deaths (!), the COVID-19 virus first appeared in Wuhan. By now it is almost certain that the virus was brought to Wuhan from outside, most likely from a bio-war lab in the US. See also this and this.What is the infamous ID2020? It is an alliance of public-private partners, including UN agencies and civil society. It’s an electronic ID program that uses generalized vaccination as a platform for digital identity. The program harnesses existing birth registration and vaccination operations to provide newborns with a portable and persistent biometrically-linked digital identity. GAVI, the Global Alliance for Vaccines and Immunization, identifies itself on its website as a global health partnership of public and private sector organizations dedicated to “immunization for all”. GAVI is supported by WHO, and needless to say, its main partners and sponsors are the pharma-industry.The ID2020 Alliance at their 2019 Summit, entitled “Rising to the Good ID Challenge”, in September 2019 in New York, decided to roll out their program in 2020, a decision confirmed by the WEF in January 2020 in Davos. Their digital identity program will be tested with the government of Bangladesh. GAVI, the Vaccine Alliance, and “partners from academia and humanitarian relief” (as they call it), are part of the pioneer party.Is it just a coincidence that ID2020 is being rolled out at the onset of what WHO calls a Pandemic? – Or is a pandemic needed to ‘roll out’ the multiple devastating programs of ID2020?Here is what Anir Chowdhury, policy advisor of the Bangladesh government program, has to say:“We are implementing a forward-looking approach to digital identity that gives individuals control over their own personal information, while still building off existing systems and programs. The Government of Bangladesh recognizes that the design of digital identity systems carries far-reaching implications for individuals’ access to services and livelihoods, and we are eager to pioneer this approach.”Wow! Does Mr. Anir Chowdhury know what he is getting into?Back to the Pandemic and the panic. Geneva, the European seat of the United Nations, including the headquarters of WHO, is basically shot down. Not unlike the lock-down that started in Venice and later expanded to northern Italy until a few days ago – and now the lock-down covers all of Italy. Similar lock-down may soon also be adopted by France – and other European vassal states to the Anglo-Zionist empire.Numerous memoranda with similar panic-mongering contents from different UN agencies in Geneva are circulating. Their key message is – cancel all mission travel, all events in Geneva, visits to the Palais des Nations, the Geneva Cathedral, other monuments and museums. The latest directives, many agencies instruct their staff to work from home, not to risk contamination from public transportation.This ambiance of panic and fear – outstrips any sense of reality, when the truth doesn’t matter. People can’t even think any more about the causes and what may be behind it. Nobody believes you (anymore), when you refer to Event 201, the coronavirus simulation, the Wuhan Military Games, the closing last August 7, of the high-security biological war lab at Fort Detrick, Maryland…. what could have at one point been an eye opener for many, today is sheer conspiracy theory. The power of propaganda. A destabilizing power – destabilizing countries and people, destroying economies, creating hardship for people who may lose their jobs, usually the ones who can least afford it.Also, at this time it becomes increasingly important to remind people that the outbreak in China was targeting the Chinese genome. Did it later mutate to transgress the ‘borders’ of Chinese DNA? When did that happen, if it happened? Because at the beginning it was clear that even the infected victims in other parts of the world, were to 99.9% of Chinese descent.What happened later, when the virus spread to Italy and Iran, is another issue, and opens the way to a number of speculations.There were various strains of the virus circulated in sequence – so as to destabilize countries around the world and to confound the populace and media, so that especially nobody of the mainstream may come to the conclusion that the first strain was targeting China in a bio-war.In Iran, I have a strong suspicion that the virus was an enhanced form of MERS (Middle East Respiratory Syndrome, man-made, broke out first in Saudi Arabia in 2012 , directed to the Arabic genome) – which was somehow introduced into government circles (by aerosol spray?) – with the goal of “Regime Change” by COVID19-caused death. Its Washington’s wishful thinking for at least the last 30 years.In Italy – why Italy? – Maybe because Washington / Brussels wanted to hit Italy hard for having been officially the first country to sign a Belt and Road (BRI) accord with China (actually the first was Greece, but nobody is supposed to know that China came to the rescue of Greece, destroyed by Greece’s brothers, the EU members, mainly Germany and France).(iv) The hype about the high death to infection rate in Italy, as of the time of this writing: 10,149 infections vs. 631 deaths = death rate of 6.2 (comparatively Iran: 8042 infections vs. 291 deaths = 3.6 death rate). The death rate of Italy is almost double that of Iran and almost ten-fold that of average Europe. (Are these discrepancies the result of failures in the establishing reliable data pertaining to “infections”, see our observations pertaining to Italy below).Why? – Was is Italy being affected with virus panic? Was there a much stronger strain introduced to Italy?The common flu in Europe in the 2019 / 2020 season, has apparently so far killed about 16,000 (in the US the death toll is, according to CDC between 14,000 and 32,000, depending on which CDC website you look at).Could it be that among the Italian coronavirus deaths there were also common flu victims, as the affected victims are mostly elderly with respiratory preconditions? Also, symptoms are very similar between coronavirus and the common flu, and nobody questions and checks the official authorities’ narrative?Maybe not all the coronavirus strains come from the same laboratory. A journalist from Berlin of Ukrainian origin, told me this morning that Ukraine is host to some 5 high security US bio-war labs. They test regularly new viruses on the population – yet, when strange diseases break out in the surroundings of the labs, nobody is allowed to talk about it. Something similar, she says, is happening in Georgia, where there are even more Pentagon / CIA bio-war labs – and where also new and strange diseases break out.All of this makes the composite picture even more complicated. Overarching all is this super hype is profit driven, the quest for instant profit, instant benefits from the suffering of the people. This panic making is a hundred-fold of what it’s worth. What these kingpins of the underworld, who pretend to run the upper world, perhaps miscalculated, is that in today’s globalized and vastly outsourced world the west depends massively on China’s supply chain, for consumer goods, and for intermediary merchandise – and, foremost for medication and medical equipment. At least 80% of medication or ingredients for medication, as well as for medical equipment comes from China. The western China dependence for antibiotics is even higher, some 90%.  The potential impacts on health are devastating.During the height of the COVID-19 epidemic China’s production apparatus for everything was almost shut-down. For deliveries that were still made, merchandise vessels were regularly and categorically turned back from many harbors all around the world. So, the west has tricked itself into a shortage-of-everything mode by waging a  de facto “economic war” on China. How long will it last? – Nobody knows, but China’s economy which was down by about half, has rapidly recovered to above 80% of what it was before the coronavirus hit. How long will it last to catch up with the backlog?What is behind it all? – A total crackdown with artificially induced panic to the point where people are screaming “help, give us vaccinations, display police and military for our security” – or even if the public despair doesn’t go that far, it would be easy for the EU and US authorities to impose a military stage of siege for “health protection of the people”. In fact, CDC (Center for Disease Control in Atlanta), has already designed harshly dictatorial directives for a “health emergency”.Along with forced vaccination, who knows what would be contained in the cocktail of ‘’mini-diseases” injected, and what their long-term effects might be. Similar to those of GMOs, where all sorts of germs could be inserted without us, the commons, knowing?We may indeed be just at the beginning of the implementation of ID2020 – which includes, forced vaccination, population reduction and total digital control of everybody – on the way to One World Order – and global financial hegemony – Full Spectrum Dominance, as the PNAC (Plan for a New American Century) likes to call it.A windfall for China. China has been purposely targeted for “economic destruction”, because of her rapidly advancing economy, an economy soon to overtake that of the now hegemon, the US of A, and because of China’s strong currency, the Yuan, also potentially overtaking the dollar as the world’s main reserve currency.Both occurrences would mean the end of US dominance over the world. The coronavirus disease, now in more than 80 countries, has crashed the stock markets, a decline of at least 20% over the last few weeks – and rising; the feared consequences from the virus of an economic slow-down, if not recession, has slashed petrol prices within about two weeks almost in half. However, without China’s central bank interference, the Yuan’s value vis-à-vis the dollar has been rather stable, at around 7 Yuan to the dollar. That means, the Chinese economy, despite COVID-19, is receiving still much trust around the globe.Advice to China – buy all the US and European corporate shares you can at current rock-bottom prices from the stock markets that collapsed by a fifth or more, plus buy lots of oil futures. When the prices recover, you have not only made billions, probably trillions from the west, but you also may own or hold significant and influence-yielding amounts of shares in most of the largest US and European corporations – and will be able to help call the shots of their future endeavors.There is however, one little silver lining oscillating at the horizon full of dark clouds. It could miraculously be an awakening of consciousness of a critical mass that could put an end to it all. Although, we seem to be far from such a miracle, somewhere in a hidden corner of our brain, we all have a spark of consciousness left. We have the spiritual capacity to abandon the disaster path of western neoliberal capitalism, and instead espouse solidarity, compassion and love for each other and for our society. That may be the only way to break the gridlock and doom of western egocentric greed.|0
Today I joined Alex Jones in the InfoWars studios to record a bombshell special report. It’s entitled, “EMERGENCY REPORT: Coronavirus Is An Engineered Weapon For The Global Take-down Of The Western World.”You can watch it via this link at Banned.video or see the video embed below (also available soon via Brighteon.com).The completely unscripted video is about one hour in duration and delves into the globalist origins of the engineered coronavirus and how open borders policies and malicious negligence by the CDC are converging to create millions of infections and deaths in America as part of a globalist plot to destroy Trump and defeat America.Alex opens the special report with a 19-minute introduction that gives the big picture view of what’s happening. He then invites me on to explore issues like:Coronavirus pandemic projections for America.The SXSW cancellation and why it’s part of a psyop to spread fear on top of the legitimate concerns over the virus spread.Why President Trump is making an enormous mistake in trusting CDC, NIH and FDA advisors.How President Trump could stop this virus in its tracks and save America.The “China invasion” scenario and why China’s military will be the first in the world that’s immune to the coronavirus.How Hillary Clinton becomes president after Trump resigns under pressure following millions of deaths in America (one possible scenario we pray doesn’t happen).How Trump can protect America’s economy and prevent mass deaths by promoting anti-viral herbs, minerals and nutraceuticals that are available now and can substantially boost immune function across the population at large.Why Big Pharma is currently in control of Washington D.C. and is exploiting this pandemic to rake in billions for the drug and vaccine industries.Why globalist open borders policies were put in place before this biological weapon was released onto the world, making sure infected migrants carry the virus into Western Europe and the USA.How this pandemic achieves all the goals of the globalists: Depopulation, gun control, censorship, martial law, mandatory vaccines, destroying America,ending Trump and much more. (It’s the ultimate combo weapon system to attack the Western world and enslave humanity.)|0
 from abroad, but it wants good relations with other nations." This was the response of the Chinese Emperor Qianlong in the eighteenth century, in response to the request of the then British King George III, to conclude agreements that facilitate the export of British goods to the Chinese market.The Chinese market was a solution to the emerging crisis of the British bourgeoisie during the Industrial Revolution. When the voices of revolutions escalated in Britain later in 1895: “Bread, bread, bread,” the answer of the British ruling class was ready: either imperialism or civil war, either you allow us to We occupy nations other than you, or we fight a civil war with you that ends in your hunger and death. This is what happened and is happening to this day!A return to the Chinese Emperor who refused to facilitate import, as Britain imported tea and silk from China, and paid silver instead, which strengthened the Chinese (silver reserve) and boosted China's trade balance.There were two wars Britain fought to break this formula, which led to two trade agreements through which the ports of China were opened against British merchandise by force, the "Van Jing" agreement, and the "Tianjin" agreement or "Tiansin".Many narratives argue that the export of opium by force to China was one of the goods that crossed during the two agreements, but there is a peculiarity to the export of opium in the agendas of British policy at the time, namely the disruption of the Chinese production wheel. The British problem was based not only on the fort surrounding the Chinese market, but also on the empire's export capabilities.The new empire suffers from a similar crisis. According to official statistics issued by the International Trade Organization, the volume of trade exchange between the United States of America and China reached 737 billion, of which 557 billion was imported to the US market from China, not outside it. Today, China has $ 1.2 trillion in debt owed by the United States of America (new silver stock).Perhaps the new American empire does not have the direct options of the British Empire to reduce the size of Chinese exports to the world and its control over the markets, but it - and from its position as a brutal global power - is able to work hard to disrupt the production wheel, albeit temporarily, at the opponent.Corona, Uyghur, and Huawei are the triangle of the United States to work in two directions: disrupting production at home or disrupting consumption at the other end (markets).Some people may think that the corona-to-virus ratio is an exaggeration in conspiracy theory, and we believed in our first observations of ancient science fiction films, including "resident Evil", that this could not become reality one day!The statements issued by the Health Organization regarding Corona, as a pandemic or an international emergency, have not been contradicted and there is no need to prevent travel to the countries of origin with it. In any case, the limits of infection with the virus did not reach what qualifies it to describe the epidemic, such as the case of the Spanish influenza virus in 1918, which claimed a third of the earth’s population, but the Western media machine used its full capabilities to make the virus - regardless of its origin - a good opium to disrupt exports. Chinese.It is not enough to intimidate the markets of goods infected with the virus, but it is also accompanied by a "moral" discourse that talks about suppressing Muslims in China, and this speech targets a wide group of consumers in the eastern markets.The American used to reflect all political discourse and discourse into a "dollar". In American foreign policy, this "pro-Uighur" speech (regardless of the reality of the Uighurs reality in China) equals $ 15 billion in exchanges with Pakistan, $ 45 billion with Indonesia, and $ 244 billion with Arab countries.In this context, it was not strange for Google to activate the Android war with Huawei, in the context of disrupting it for some time from the most urgent task, which is 5G Networks, and its involvement in the task of developing an alternative operating system as soon as possible. It protects the giant from a surprising loss in the mobile phone market.The crisis of the United States of America is not much different from Britain’s crisis in the opium wars, but the tools of direct wars are no longer available today, and there is a need for a lot of opium in the near future, starting from bacterial wars, and not ending with technological and media wars.|0
or other non-healthcare settings. Advice for caregivers. If you are caring for someone with COVID-19 at home or in a non-healthcare setting, follow this advice to protect yourself and others. Learn what to do when someone has symptoms of COVID-19. or when someone has been diagnosed with the virus. This information also should be followed when caring for people who have tested positive but are not showing symptoms. Note: Older adults and people of any age with serious underlying medical conditions are at higher risk for developing more severe illness from COVID-19. People at higher risk of severe illness should call their doctor as soon as symptoms start.prescription bottle alt icon.Provide support and help cover basic needs. Help the person who is sick follow their doctor’s instructions for care and medicine. For most people, symptoms last a few days, and people usually feel better after a week.See if over-the-counter medicines for fever, such as acetaminophen (sometimes called Tylenol), help the person feel better.Make sure the person who is sick drinks a lot of fluids and rests.Help them with grocery shopping, filling prescriptions, and getting other items they may need. Consider having the items delivered through a delivery service, if possible.Take care of their pet(s), and limit contact between the person who is sick and their pet(s) when possible.Watch for warning signs Have their doctor’s phone number on hand.Use CDC’s self-checker tool to help you make decisions about seeking appropriate medical care. Call their doctor if the person keeps getting sicker. For medical emergencies, call 911 and tell the dispatcher that the person has or might have COVID-19.When to Seek Emergency Medical Attention. Look for emergency warning signs for COVID-19. If someone is showing any of these signs, seek emergency medical care immediately. Trouble breathing.Persistent pain or pressure in the chest. New confusion.Inability to wake or stay awake.Bluish lips or face.This list is not all possible symptoms. Please call your medical provider for any other symptoms that are severe or concerning to you.Call 911 or call ahead to your local emergency facility: Notify the operator that you are seeking care for someone who has or may have COVID-19.Protect yourself when caring for someone who is sick.people arrows icon.Limit contact.COVID-19 spreads between people who are in close contact (within about 6 feet) through respiratory droplets, created when someone talks, coughs or sneezes.The caregiver, when possible, should not be someone who is at higher risk for severe illness from COVID-19. Use a separate bedroom and bathroom. If possible, have the person who is sick stay in their own “sick room” or area and away from others. If possible, have the person who is sick use a separate bathroom.Shared space: If you have to share space, make sure the room has good air flow.Open the window and turn on a fan (if possible) to increase air circulation.Improving ventilation helps remove respiratory droplets from the air.Avoid having visitors. Avoid having any unnecessary visitors, especially visits by people who are at higher risk for severe illness.food icon.Eat in separate rooms or areas.Stay separated: The person who is sick should eat (or be fed) in their room, if possible.Wash dishes and utensils using gloves and hot water: Handle any dishes, cups/glasses, or silverware used by the person who is sick with gloves. Wash them with soap and hot water or in a dishwasher.Clean hands after taking off gloves or handling used items.no icon.Avoid sharing personal items.Do not share: Do not share dishes, cups/glasses, silverware, towels, bedding, or electronics (like a cell phone) with the person who is sick.head side mask icon.When to wear a cloth face cover or gloves.Sick person:The person who is sick should wear a cloth face covering when they are around other people at home and out (including before they enter a doctor’s office).The cloth face covering helps prevent a person who is sick from spreading the virus to others. It keeps respiratory droplets contained and from reaching other people.Cloth face coverings should not be placed on young children under age 2, anyone who has trouble breathing, or is not able to remove the covering without help.Caregiver:Wear gloves when you touch or have contact with the sick person’s blood, stool, or body fluids, such as saliva, mucus, vomit, and urine. Throw out gloves into a lined trash can and wash hands right away.The caregiver should ask the sick person to put on a cloth face covering before entering the room.The caregiver may also wear a cloth face covering when caring for a person who is sick.To prevent getting sick, make sure you practice everyday preventive actions: clean hands often; avoid touching your eyes, nose, and mouth with unwashed hands; and frequently clean and disinfect surfaces.Note: During the COVID-19 pandemic, medical grade facemasks are reserved for healthcare workers and some first responders. You may need to make a cloth face covering using a scarf or bandana. Learn more here.hands wash icon.Clean your hands often. Wash hands: Wash your hands often with soap and water for at least 20 seconds. Tell everyone in the home to do the same, especially after being near the person who is sick.Hand sanitizer: If soap and water are not readily available, use a hand sanitizer that contains at least 60% alcohol. Cover all surfaces of your hands and rub them together until they feel dry. Hands off: Avoid touching your eyes, nose, and mouth with unwashed hands.Clean and then disinfect Around the house.Clean and disinfect “high-touch” surfaces and items every day: This includes tables, doorknobs, light switches, handles, desks, toilets, faucets, sinks, and electronics.Clean the area or item with soap and water if it is dirty. Then, use a household disinfectant.Be sure to follow the instructions on the label to ensure safe and effective use of the product. Many products recommend keeping the surface wet for several minutes to kill germs. Many also recommend wearing gloves, making sure you have good air flow, and wiping or rinsing off the product after use.Most household disinfectants should be effective. A list of EPA-registered disinfectants can be found hereexternal icon.To clean electronics, follow the manufacturer’s instructions for all cleaning and disinfection products. If those directions are not available, use alcohol-based wipes or spray containing at least 70% alcohol.Learn more here.Bedroom and Bathroom.If you are using a separate bedroom and bathroom: Only clean the area around the person who is sick when needed, such as when the area is soiled. This will help limit your contact with the sick person.If they feel up to it, the person who is sick can clean their own space. Give the person who is sick personal cleaning supplies such as tissues, paper towels, cleaners, and EPA-registered disinfectantsexternal icon.If sharing a bathroom: The person who is sick should clean and then disinfect after each use. If this is not possible, wear a mask and wait as long as possible after the sick person has used the bathroom before coming in to clean and use the bathroom. washer icon.Wash and dry laundry.Do not shake dirty laundry.Wear disposable gloves while handling dirty laundry.Dirty laundry from a person who is sick can be washed with other people’s items.Wash items according to the label instructions. Use the warmest water setting you can. Remove gloves, and wash hands right away. Dry laundry, on hot if possible, completely.Wash hands after putting clothes in the dryer.Clean and disinfect clothes hampers. Wash hands afterwards. trash icon Use lined trash can. Place used disposable gloves and other contaminated items in a lined trash can. Use gloves when removing garbage bags, and handling and disposing of trash. Wash hands afterwards.Place all used disposable gloves, facemasks, and other contaminated items in a lined trash can. If possible, dedicate a lined trash can for the person who is sick.digital thermometer icon. Track your own health.Caregivers and close contacts should monitor their health for COVID-19 symptoms. Symptoms include fever, cough, and shortness of breath but other symptoms may be present as well. Trouble breathing is a more serious warning sign that you need medical attention.Use CDC’s self-checker tool to help you make decisions about seeking appropriate medical care.If you are having trouble breathing, call 911. Call your doctor or emergency room and tell them your symptoms before going in. They will tell you what to do.How to discontinue home isolation. house leave icon. People with COVID-19 who have stayed home (home isolated) can leave home under the following conditions. If they have not had a test to determine if they are still contagious, they can leave home after these three things have happened: They have had no fever for at least 72 hours (that is three full days of no fever without the use of medicine that reduces fevers) AND other symptoms have improved (for example, symptoms of cough or shortness of breath have improved) AND at least 10 days have passed since their symptoms first appeared If they have had a test to determine if they are still contagious, they can leave home after these three things have happened: They no longer have a fever (without the use of medicine that reduces fevers) AND other symptoms have improved (for example, symptoms of cough or shortness of breath have improved) AND they have received two negative tests in a row, at least 24 hours apart. Their doctor will follow CDC guidelines. People who DID NOT have COVID-19 symptoms, but tested positive and have stayed home (home isolated) can leave home under the following conditions If they have not had a test to determine if they are still contagious, they can leave home after these two things have happened:At least 10 days have passed since the date of their first positive test AND they continue to have no symptoms (no cough or shortness of breath) since the test.If they have had a test to determine if they are still contagious, they can leave home after:They have received two negative tests in a row, at least 24 hours apart. Their doctor will follow CDC guidelines.if they develop symptoms, follow guidance above for people with COVID19 symptoms.For ALL people.When leaving the home, keep a distance of 6 feet from others and wear a cloth face covering when around other people.In all cases, follow the guidance of your doctor and local health department. The decision to stop home isolation should be made in consultation with their healthcare provider and state and local health departments. Some people, for example those with conditions that weaken their immune system, might continue to shed virus even after they recover.|1
Pushing a shopping cart, braving crowded aisles and even unpacking bags feel perilous. Here’s our guide to shopping during the coronavirus crisis.As much of the world practices social distancing to stop the spread of coronavirus, trips to the grocery store are one of the few reasons many of us still are allowed to leave the house.But the logistics of shopping for groceries can be daunting. What happens if some key items on my shopping list are sold out? How do I keep my distance in a crowded produce aisle? And just how many people have touched that jar of peanut butter or can of beans we brought home?We talked to infectious disease experts about how to shop for groceries during the coronavirus crisis. Here’s their advice.Check store policies. Look online for what your store is doing to protect both customers and workers. Many stores now close early to sanitize and offer dedicated shopping hours to customers who are 60 and older. Some stores have installed wipe and hand sanitizer stations and put colored tape on floors to help customers keep their distance at checkout lines. If your store isn’t taking special measures, don’t shop there.Should I wear a mask and gloves? The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention now recommends wearing a face covering or homemade mask in public spaces. Gloves are not recommended or necessary if you wash your hands after shopping. Don’t let wearing a mask give you a false sense of security. You should still limit trips to the store, avoid touching your face and wash your hands when you get home.Bring your own wipes and sanitizer. “Most stores are providing hand sanitizer wipes, but I encourage people to bring some of their own — some stores have run out,” said Dr. Elizabeth Eckstrom, professor and chief of geriatrics at Oregon Health & Science University. “When you finish shopping, wipe your hands again and wipe the handles of your car before getting in. I am also wiping my steering wheel, but that might be going overboard.”Wipe the shopping cart. Even during the best of times, the handle on your shopping cart has more bacteria than most public restrooms. When researchers in 2012 swabbed the handles of 85 shopping carts in Iowa, California, Oregon and Georgia, they found digestive tract bacteria on 73 percent of the carts. If you can, wipe down the cart handle and child seat before you shop. And when you leave, do a good deed and wipe your cart handle for the next shopper.What if I don’t have wipes? Don’t freak out if you or your store have run out of wipes. “The risk of becoming infected from touching any individual shopping cart is probably very, very low,” said Dr. Daniel Winetsky, infectious diseases fellow at Columbia University Irving Medical Center. “So if wipes are not available, there is no need to abandon your grocery shopping needs. Just try not to touch your face while shopping, and wash your hands or use hand sanitizer after you are done.”Shop early. Most stores are closing early now to restock and sanitize at night. Try to shop early when stores are cleanest and shelves are full, or shop at off-peak hours when stores are less crowded.Keep your distance. It’s probably not feasible to keep a six-foot radius at all times in a grocery store, but try for at least three feet, as recommended by the World Health Organization. “The majority of respiratory droplets we produce while breathing and talking fall to the ground — and onto our hands — within a few feet from us, so even a little bit of distance helps,” Dr. Winetsky said.Limit your trips to the store. Most people don’t have the freezer space or the funds to stock up on two weeks of groceries. But try to get enough food so you don’t have to shop more than once a week. “Every trip to the grocery store is a small exposure event,” said Dr. Robert Amler, dean of New York Medical College School of Health Sciences and Practice and a former chief medical officer for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. “You don’t want to do it too often or spend too much time there.”Have a flexible plan. To minimize your time in the store, have a shopping list that allows for alternatives. Don’t fret if your store has run out of chicken or salmon fillets. Just find a substitute protein — other meats, eggs, tofu, canned tuna, beans — and move on.Shop for long-lasting foods. Frozen fruits and vegetables are great to have in a pinch, but you can also buy longer-lasting fresh produce. Root vegetables such as potatoes or carrots, as well as squash, onions, celery, apples or oranges, can last for weeks. Taste of Home has a useful guide on how long fruits and vegetables will keep. Regular yogurt, hard cheese and nondairy milk can last a while. Whole-wheat tortillas can be frozen and are a great substitute for sandwich bread, which takes up more space in the freezer.Don’t hoard. Panic-buying has prompted some people to fight over toilet paper and pilfer from others’ shopping carts. Take what you need for the week; leave food for others. Be reassured that while there may be some empty shelves and temporary shortages of some items, food makers are confident in the supply chain and that we’ll have plenty to eat.Really, really don’t touch your face. We know it’s hard, but if there ever was a time to not touch your face, it’s in a grocery store filled with people touching everything before you put it in your cart. Sanitize your hands while shopping and after touching high-contact areas like freezer doors. “Absolutely don’t touch your face," said Dr. Amler. “Don’t touch your mouth, don’t touch your eyes, don’t rub your nose until you’ve been able to sanitize your hands.”Be kind to your checkout person. Try to maintain a reasonable distance at checkout. If paying with cash, set the money on the counter rather than handing it to the cashier. And given that this is an opportunity for in-person social interaction, try to make the most of it and be friendly. “Try to maintain distance at checkout, but be pleasant and supportive,” Dr. Amler said. “There is a risk to them, being in that environment all the time. You might want to thank them for working during this hectic period.”Is self-checkout better? Dr. Winetsky noted that at self-checkout, you’re trading an interaction with one person for a self-checkout surface that has been touched by many, many people before you. Either way, wash your hands afterward.Reusable bags are still OK, but check with your store. A report from Loma Linda University noted that bacteria could persist on and in reusable checkout bags, but this is not a reason to stop using them. Wash and wipe bags when you can, and wash your hands after using them. Offer to pack your own groceries to protect the checkout person from your germs, said Dr. Eckstrom. That said, some stores may have a policy against bringing reusable bags.Dr. Winetsky agreed that the risk of infection from reusable bags is low, and noted that using them not only helps the environment but can serve as a reminder of the link between the environment and our health. “We should all be bringing reusable grocery bags to reduce our carbon footprint and lower our impact on the environment,” he said. “This may seem like an unrelated idea, but deforestation can play a role in the emergence of pandemic viruses, by bringing humans into closer contact with mammal species from which we were previously very isolated.”Should I wipe jars and plastic containers when I get home? The majority of transmission of coronavirus is likely from close contact with an infected person. Viral particles do not survive well on paper or cardboard surfaces. And while the virus lasts longer on hard surfaces, contamination from jars and plastic containers is not a big risk. If it makes you feel better, Dr. Amler said, give them a quick wipe as you unpack.Dr. Winetsky agreed that the risk of contamination from jars, cans or other containers “is infinitesimally small” and that you have to balance risk with anxiety. “I would not do this myself or really recommend it to other people,” he said. “This level of anxiety about sanitation can be harmful in and of itself.”What about produce? Dr. Eckstrom advised washing your hands after unpacking groceries. And if you’re going to eat raw produce, she recommends washing it with an organic soap for washing vegetables or any natural dish soap.“I am not wiping everything down, but I am carefully washing my hands after touching these grocery items,” said Dr. Eckstrom. “Cooking does kill the virus, but any fresh produce that is eaten raw should be carefully washed.”Don’t stress. While it’s smart to take precautions, you also need to take care of your mental health and try to minimize the anxiety of shopping during the pandemic. “Be reasonable with yourself,” Dr. Amler said. “Don’t overly stress. Do the best you can, and most of the time you’re going to come out OK.”|1
THE STORY:The China Coronavirus COVID-19 rose to public attention late December 2019, but certain events October 2019 either planned for or precipitated it – such as the rollout of 5G in Wuhan.THE IMPLICATIONS:What is the coronavirus-5G connection? Is this bioweapon an excuse for mandatory vaccination, including DNA vaccines, which can be injected using a technique very similar to the EMF pulsed waves of 5G? The China Coronavirus 5G Connection is a very important factor when trying to comprehend the coronavirus (formerly abbreviated 2019-nCoV, now COVID-19) outbreak. Various independent researchers around the web, for around 2-3 weeks now, have highlighted the coronavirus-5G link despite the fact that Google (as the self-appointed NWO Censor-in-Chief) is doing its best to hide and scrub all search results showing the connection. The coronavirus 5G connection doesn’t mean the bioweapons connection is false (it’s not a case of either-or), but rather broadens the scope of the entire event. Wuhan was one of the test cities chosen for China 5G rollout; 5G went live there on October 31st, 2019, almost exactly 2 months before the coronavirus outbreak began. Meanwhile, many scientific documents on the health effects of 5G have verified that it causes flu-like symptoms. This article reveals the various connections behind the coronavirus phenomenon, including how 5G can exacerbate or cause the kind of illness you are attributing to the new virus. The rabbit hole is deep so let’s take a dive.5G – A Type of Directed Energy Weapon.For the deeper background to 5G, read my 2017 article 5G and IoT: Total Technological Control Grid Being Rolled Out Fast. Many people around the world, including concerned citizens, scientists and even governmental officials, are becoming aware of the danger of 5G. This is why it has already been banned in many places worldwide, such as Brussels, the Netherlands and parts of Switzerland, Ireland, Italy, Germany, the UK, the USA and Australia. After all, 5G is not just the next generation of mobile connectivity after 4G; it is a radical and entirely new type of technology – a military technology used on the battlefield that is now being ‘deployed’ (military term) in the civilian realm. It is phased array weaponry being sold and disguised as primarily a communications system when the frequency bands it uses (24GHz – 100+GHz including MMW [millimeter waves]) are the very same ones used in Active Denial Systems, i.e. crowd control. Even mainstream Wikipedia describes Active Denial Systems as directed energy weaponry; it disperses crowds by firing energy at them, causing immediate and intense pain, including a sensation of the skin burning. Remember, directed energy weapons (DEW) are behind the fall of the Twin Towers on 9/11 and the fake Californian ‘wildfires’.Numerous scientists have warned of the dangerous health effects of 5G. For instance, in this 5G Appeal from 2017 entitled Scientists and Doctors Warn of Potential Serious Health Effects of 5G, scientists warned of the harmful of non-ionizing RF/EMF radiation:If you listen to Mark Steele and Barrie Trower, you’ll get an idea of the horrifying effects of 5G. In this interview, Trower echoes the above quote by stating how 5G damages the immune system of trees and kills insects. He reveals how in 1977, 5G was tested on animals in hopes of finding a weapon. The results were severe demyelination – stripping the protective sheath of nerve cells. Some nations are now noticing a 90% loss of insects (including pollinating insects like bees) which congregate around lamp-posts where 5G is installed. Wuhan Military Games and Event 201 Simulation.If you dig deep enough, some disturbing connections arise between 5G and the men who have developed or are developing vaccines for novel viruses like ebola, zika and the new coronavirus COVID-19. In a fantastic piece of research, an author under the pen name of Annie Logical wrote the article Corona Virus Fakery And The Link To 5G Testing that lays out the coronavirus 5G connection. There is a ton of information, so I will break it all down to make it more understandable.From October 18-27th 2019, Wuhan hosted the Military World Games and specifically used 5G (for the first time ever) for the event. Also on October 18th, 2019 in New York, the Johns Hopkins Center in partnership with World Economic Forum (WEF) and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation hosted Event 201 – “A Global Pandemic Exercise” which is a simulation of a pandemic. Guess what virus they happen to choose for their ‘simulation’? A coronavirus! Guess what animal cells they use? Pig cells! (COVID-19 was initially reported to be derived from a seafood market, and the fish there are known to be fed on pig waste). Event 201 includes the UN (since the WEF now has a partnership agreement with UN), Big Pharma (Johnson and Johnson), Bill Gates (key figure in pushing vaccines, human microchipping and Agenda 2030) and both China and America’s CDC. Participants in Event 201 recommended that governments force social media companies to stop the spread of ‘fake news’ and that ultimately the only way to control the information would be for the WHO (World Health Organization, part of the UN) to be the sole central purveyor of information during a pandemic.Inovio, Electroporation and 5G.As reported on January 24th, 2020, US biotech and pharmaceutical company Inovio received a $9 million grant to develop a vaccine for the coronavirus. Inovio got the money grant from the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations (CEPI), however they already have an existing partnership with CEPI; in April 2018 they got up to $56 million to develop vaccines for Lassa Fever and Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS). CEPI was founded in Davos by the governments of Norway and India, the Wellcome Trust … and the participants of Event 201: the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and the WEF. CEPI’s CEO is the former director of BARDA (US Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority) which is part of the HHS. Inovio claimed they developed a coronavirus vaccine in 2 hours! On the face of it such a claim is absurd; what is more likely is that they are lying or that they already had the vaccine because they had the foreknowledge that the coronavirus was coming and was about to be unleashed.So who owns and runs Inovio? Two key men are David Weiner and Dr. Joseph Kim. Weiner was once Kim’s university professor. Weiner was involved with developing a vaccine for HIV and zika (you can read my articles about zika here and here where I exposed some of the lies surrounding that epidemic). Kim was funded by Merck (a large Big Pharma company) and produced something called Porcine Circovirus (PCV 1 and PCV 2). As mentioned above, there is a link between pig vaccines/pig DNA and the coronavirus; Annie Logical notes that it “has long been established that seafood in the area is fed on pig waste.” Kim served a 5-year tenure as a member of the WEF’s Global Agenda Council – yet another organ pushing the New World Order One World Government under the banner of Agenda 2030 Global Governance.Weiner is an employee and advisor to the FDA, is considered a DNA technology expert and pioneered a new DNA transference method called electroporation – a microbiology technique which uses an electrical pulse to create temporary pores in cell membranes through which substances like chemicals, drugs or DNA can be introduced into the cell. This technique can be used to administer DNA vaccines, which inject foreign DNA into a host’s cells that changes the host’s DNA. This means if you take a DNA vaccine, you are allowing your DNA to be changed! As if vaccines weren’t already horrific enough … but here’s the kicker: electroporation uses pulsed waves. Guess what else uses pulsed waves? 5G! This is either a startling coincidence or evidence or a sinister coronavirus 5G-connection. [T]he same action that 5G technology uses in pulsed waves and the coronavirus was reported to have started in an area in China that had rolled out 5G technology! So we can see how geneticists using scientists are tampering with the building blocks of our existence and what is disturbing is that Prof Wiener is a HIV pioneer and we know that soon after the Polio vaccines were given to millions in Africa that HIV emerged. They have perfected the art of injecting animal or bird DNA into human chromosomes which alters our DNA and causes things like haemorrhaging, fever, cancers and even death.”Speaking of HIV (which is not the same things as AIDS, but that is another story), remember also that a group of Indian scientists put out their research that the virus was manmade and had HIV inserts. They found that 4 separate HIV genes were randomly embedded within the coronavirus. These genes somehow converged to create receptor sites on the virus that were identical to HIV, which was a surprise due to their random placement. They also specifically stated that this was not likely to happen naturally (“unlikely to be fortuitous in nature”). In yet another example of egregious censorship, these scientists were pressured to withdraw their work.5G and Electroporation DNA Vaccines – Both Producing Pulsed EMF Waves. Consider the implications of this for a moment. The technology exists to use EMFs to open your very skin pores and inject foreign DNA into your bloodstream and cells. This is an extreme violation of your bodily sovereignty, and it can have long-term effects, because of genetic mutation – changing your very DNA which is the biological blueprint and physical essence of who you are.What if 5G mimics electroporation? What if 5G can do on a large scale what electroporation does on a small scale? We already know that 5G has the potential to be mutagenic (DNA-damaging). The frequencies that 5G uses, especially 75-100GHz, interact with the geometrical structure of our skin and sweat ducts, acting upon them like a transmission reaching an antenna, and fundamentally affecting us and our mood.What if 5G is being used to open up the skin of those in Wuhan so as to allow the new bioweapon coronavirus to infiltrate more easily?Mandatory Vaccines, Depopulation and Transhumanism.So, what’s at the bottom of the coronavirus-5G connection rabbit hole? I would suggest we find mandatory vaccine agenda, the depopulation agenda and transhumanist agenda (via DNA vaccines). The key figures and groups who appear to have planned this already have the vaccine in place, just as they did for the other epidemics that fizzled out (SARS, ebola and zika). Weiner even has links to HIV/AIDS, and if you dive into that as Jon Rappoport did, you find gaping holes in that story.It’s the same epidemic/pandemic game played out every 2-3 years. There’s a couple of versions. In the first version, you invent a virus, hype it up, get people scared, do ineffectual and inconclusive tests (e.g. like the PCR test which measures if a viral fragment is present but doesn’t tell you the quantities of whether it would actually causing the disease), inflate the body count, justify quarantine/martial law and brainwash people into thinking they have to buy the (toxic) vaccine and introduce mandatory vaccination. You don’t even need a real virus or pathogen for the version. In the second version, you create a virus as a bioweapon, release it as a test, pretend it was a natural mutation, watch how many people it kills (which helps with the eugenics and depopulation agendas), again justify martial law, again justify the need for mandatory vaccines and even pose as the savior with the vaccine that stops it. As a variation on this second version, you can even develop a race-specific bioweapon so as to reduce the population of rival nations or enemy races as a geopolitical strategy. This article suggests that the coronavirus targets Chinese people/Asians more than others, and certainly the official death count attests to that, although it’s always hard to trust governmental statistics. Annie Logical gives her take:The con job goes like this.poison the population purposely to create disease that does not and would never occur naturally. parlay the purposely created disease as being caused by something invisible, outside the realm of control or knowledge of the average person, create a toxic vaccine or medication that was always intended to further poison the population into an early grave. parlay the vaccine or medication poisoning as PROOF the disease, which never existed, is much worse than anticipated. increase the initial poisoning, which is marketed as a fake disease, and also increase the vaccine and medication poisoning, to start piling the bodies into the stratosphere. repeat as many times as possible upon an uninformed population because killing a population this way (the art of having people line up to kill themselves with poison……known as a “soft kill” method) is the only legal way to make sure such eugenic operations can be executed on mass and in plain sight.“DNA vaccines are a disturbing new advancement for transhumanism. After all, the objective of the transhumanist agenda is to merge man with machine, and in doing so, wipe out what fundamentally makes us human, so we can be controlled and overtaken by a deeply sinister and negative force. It’s all about changing us at the fundamental level, or attacking human sovereignty itself. DNA vaccines fit right in with that – literally changing your DNA by forcefully inserting foreign DNA to change your genetics, with consequences no one could possibly fully foresee and predict.One Last Coronavirus-5G Connection. Finally, I will finish with another coronavirus-5G connection. The word coronavirus itself refers to many kinds of viruses by that name, not just COVID-19. Guess who owns a patent for a coronavirus strain (not SARS CoV2 or COVID-19) that can be used to develop a vaccine? The Pirbright Institute.  And guess who partially owns them? Bill Gates! As you can read here Pirbright is being supported in their vaccine developement endeavors by a British company Innovate UK … who also funds and supports the rollout of 5G. Innovate UK ran a competition in 2018 with a £15 million share out to any small business that could produce vaccines for ‘epidemic’ potential.The Motivation to Hype and the Motivation to Downplay. History has shown that in cases of epidemics (or fake epidemics) there is almost always a morass of conflicting reports and contradictory information. In such situations, it can be very difficult to get to the bottom of the matter and find the truth. The conflict stems from the different motivations of nations, governments and other interested groups. Essentially, there are 2 main motivations: the motivation to hype (exaggerate and use fear to grab attention, sell something, make a group look bad/incompetent, make people scared, make the public accept mandatory vaccination and martial law) and the motivation to downplay (cover up and hide the true extent of the damage, morbidity or mortality so as to appear competent and in control, to lessen possible anger, backlash or disorder). Sometimes, these 2 motivations may drive the behavior of the same group, e.g. in the case of the Chinese Government, it has the motivation to hype (to get people afraid so they easily follow its draconian quarantine rules) and the motivation to downplay (so as to appear in the eyes of its people and the rest of the entire world to have the situation under control, to ensure saving face, credibility and a good reputation).Final Thoughts on the Coronavirus 5G Connection. Governments around the world have experimented with bioweapons both on their own citizens and foreign citizens, and even sold that research to other governments for their own benefit (e.g. Japan’s notorious Unit 731 which developed bioweapons in China, only to hand over that research to the US after losing World War 2). See Bioweapons: Lyme Disease, Weaponized Ticks, Plum Island & More for a brief history of the USG’s usage of weaponized ticks which resulted in Lyme Disease. The evidence that COVID-19 is a bioweapon is overwhelming – and so is the evidence that 5G is involved to either cause the flu-like symptoms/pneumonia people have been experiencing, and/or to exacerbate the virulence of the virus by weakening people’s immune systems and subjecting them to pulsed waves of EMF to open up their skin to foreign DNA fragments (including viruses).Remember, there are many NWO agendas accompanying the coronavirus. Remember too there was Chinese Government foreknowledge.In this kinds of story, there are no major coincidences – only connections and conspiracies waiting to be uncovered.|0
These days, “coronavirus” is often prefaced with the word “novel,” because that’s precisely what it is: a new strain in a family of viruses we’ve all seen before — and, in some form, had. According to the WHO, coronaviruses are a large family of viruses that range from the common cold to much more serious diseases. These diseases can infect both humans and animals. The strain that began spreading in Wuhan, the capital of China’s Hubei province, is related to two other coronaviruses that have caused major outbreaks in recent years: severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) and Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS).Symptoms of a coronavirus infection range in severity from respiratory problems to cases of pneumonia, kidney failure and a buildup of fluid in the lungs. They may appear 2 to 14 days after exposure to the virus.In April, the CDC added new symptoms of the disease to its list, shedding more light on how the virus infects patients. The symptoms now include: a cough, shortness of breath, fever, chills, repeated shaking with chills, muscle pain, headache, sore throat and a loss of taste or smell.Covid-19 spreads more easily than SARS and is similar to other coronaviruses that cause cold-like symptoms, experts have said. It appears to be highly transmissible, and since cases are mild, the disease may be more widespread than current testing numbers suggest.|1
Long-time listeners of conservative talk radio legend Rush Limbaugh know that he doesn’t deal in tinfoil hat conspiracy theories, so when he offers what might seem as a ‘non-linear’ or non-traditional take on an issue of the day, it’s head-turning.Most Americans may not have given the Wuhan coronavirus much thought before this week — before the virus hit American shores. But some of those who have been tracking the outbreak since December, when it first appeared in China, have wondered whether it could have been some sort of biological weapon that the People’s Liberation Army was developing.And earlier this week, Limbaugh echoed similar sentiments.“It’s a respiratory system virus. It probably is a ChiCom laboratory experiment that is in the process of being weaponized. All superpower nations weaponize bioweapons. They experiment with them. The Russians, for example, have weaponized fentanyl,” he said. But in any event, his comments about it being a potential bioweapon are not the first. Sen. Tom Cotton (R-Ark.), thinks so too, and for that he is being mocked by the very same mainstream media that lied about the “Trump-Russia collusion” hoax for nearly three years.Specifically, Cotton suggested that the virus originated in China’s only BioLevel 4 research facility — which just happens to be in Wuhan City, the epicenter of the outbreak. And furthermore, Cotton has never said there is 100 percent proof the virus is a bioweapon.Failing to ask this question is the real conspiracy. “We don’t have evidence that this disease originated there,” he said during a recent interview on Fox News, the New York Times reported, “but because of China’s duplicity and dishonesty from the beginning, we need to at least ask the question to see what the evidence says, and China right now is not giving evidence on that question at all.”Mind you, Cotton is a Harvard-educated lawyer and U.S. Army infantry officer with combat experience. He’s not a kook, he’s not a conspiracy theorist, and he’s not some wild-eyed lunatic. The Times jeered: Mr. Cotton later walked back the idea that the coronavirus was a Chinese bioweapon run amok. But it is the sort of tale that resonates with an expanding chorus of voices in Washington who see China as a growing Soviet-level threat to the United States, echoing the anti-Communist thinking of the Cold War era. Right-wing media outlets fan the anger.This, from a newspaper that, again, ‘fanned’ the BS hoax that Moscow and Donald Trump “colluded to steal the election from Hillary Clinton” — for two-plus years. And it was the same paper that repeatedly told readers former special counsel Robert Mueller ‘had proof’ of that hoax — when at the end of his probe, his report said specifically that there was “no evidence” to support the claim.What’s really interesting here is that “mainstream media” outlets like the Times, CNN, The Washington Post, USA Today and others make wild claims about President Trump, and members of his administration, based on less empirical evidence. At least in the case of Cotton and Limbaugh, there is enough circumstantial evidence to warrant suspicions and ask the question: Did the novel coronavirus (as in, this is the first time its been seen) originate from the only lab in China capable of dealing with/handling this type of biohazard? The people who dismiss the question out of hand are the real conspirators.|0
The question was posed bluntly to the nearly 100,000 members of a Facebook group devoted to ending Pennsylvania’s stay-at-home orders, with a user writing, “if there was a vaccine for coronavirus would you be likely to take it.”“Absolutely not.”“No.”“Never.”The resoundingly negative answers streamed forth, generating 1,700 comments and providing a window into brewing resistance to a potential coronavirus vaccine that experts say offers the surest path back to normal life.Some of the same online activists who have clamored to resume economic activity, echoing President Trump’s call to “liberate” their states from sweeping restrictions, are now aligning themselves with a cause on the political fringe — preemptively forswearing a vaccine. To further their baseless claims about the dangers of vaccines and to portray the scientific process as reckless, they have seized on the brisk pace promised for the project, which the Trump administration has branded “Operation Warp Speed.”“We’re looking to get it by the end of the year if we can,” the president said Friday.Both movements represent the views of a small minority of Americans. But leading medical experts fear that the ability of their adherents to spread misinformation online could plant seeds of confusion and distrust in the broader public — and undermine future efforts to distribute a vaccine.Anthony S. Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, said he has grown increasingly concerned that the name of the initiative has led to misconceptions about what is being put at risk by speeding up the effort — only financial investments, not safety or efficacy.“People don’t understand that, because when they hear ‘Operation Warp Speed,’ they think, ‘Oh, my God, they’re jumping over all these steps and they’re going to put us at risk,’ ” Fauci said in an interview Wednesday with The Washington Post.No steps would be eliminated, he vowed. Rather, multiple steps — from collecting data to preparing to scale up the number of potential doses — would be pursued at once, creating “risk for the investment” but not for the patient or the “integrity of the study.”“You’re doing things in a totally unprecedented way, and you’re going really fast but not compromising safety because you haven’t cut out any of the steps you would have done had you done it the traditional way,” Fauci said.But such guardrails have gone unmentioned on some of the most active platforms for coordinating opposition to measures designed to slow the spread of the virus. One participant in a 2,000-member reopening group on Facebook suggested Trump was “pandering to the left” by speeding a vaccine to market. Another, addressing more than 26,000 fellow users, called the effort “mad,” linking to a video outlining a conspiracy theory about Bill Gates.The views, though they reflect an extreme position, are a sign of looming obstacles to public trust for the Trump administration and governments around the world rushing to complete a process in a matter of months that typically takes years. In a Yahoo News-YouGov poll this month, nearly 1 in 5 Americans said they would not take a coronavirus vaccine.The online activity illustrates how anti-vaccine stalwarts have found common cause with those protesting stay-at-home measures, flocking to their demonstrations and staging their own. The two movements are also drawing on a common online organizing infrastructure, increasingly merging in the fluid corners of Facebook.Their groups and pages, which frequently boast followings in the six figures, easily swap out one target of perceived government overreach for another, in an early sign of how misinformation could thwart efforts to immunize the public from a disease that has killed 90,000 Americans.Matthew Ferrari, an epidemiologist at Pennsylvania State University, said there were already indications that anti-science sentiment flaring in the early days of the pandemic could be “eroding confidence in existing vaccines.”A study released by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention found that vaccination rates for children in Michigan fell steeply in May, including to fewer than half of infants 5 months or younger. Reduced access to immunizations could have been a result of the stay-at-home order designed to contain the outbreak, the report noted, though the state order halting elective procedures did not specifically include vaccinations.The decline in up-to-date status for recommended vaccines threatens herd immunity against highly contagious infectious diseases such as measles, the CDC warned. Ensuring the interruption does not become permanent is a priority, Ferrari said, requiring clear science communication.Peter J. Hotez, a professor of pediatrics and dean of the National School of Tropical Medicine at the Baylor College of Medicine in Houston, said his initial modeling suggests “a significant number of Americans” will need to be vaccinated against the coronavirus to interrupt transmission.“I’m worried that the anti-vaccine movement is going to be so strengthened to the point where we won’t have those numbers, and part of this may just be people opting out because of mixed messaging,” he said. “You’d think the anti-vaccine movement would go into retreat with everyone wanting a vaccine, but it’s been energized over ‘Operation Warp Speed’ and over biotech and pharma companies sending out irresponsible press releases.”The central tenets of the anti-vaccine movement, Hotez said, are that vaccines cause autism, which they do not, and, “second, that vaccines are rushed, third that they’re not adequately tested for safety and fourth that there’s an alliance between the federal government and the pharmaceutical companies.”“This ‘Operation Warp Speed’ plays right into three of those four things, and there’s been no attempt to refute that messaging,” he said.Michael Caputo, a longtime Trump adviser tapped to lead communications for the initiative as the freshly minted head of public affairs at the Department of Health and Human Services, said he was responsible for the branding. He drew the name “Operation Warp Speed” from the terminology scientists were already using internally to describe their efforts, he said, after initially toying with names from Greek and Roman mythology but struggling to find a fitting title.Of efforts to paint the process as overly hasty, Caputo said, “This is a concern that everyone in the operation is taking to heart.” A White House spokesman declined to comment.The protests against a possible vaccine extend far beyond the group focused on Pennsylvania. A similar question appeared in a Facebook group dedicated to reopening Arizona, where a user suggested that resisting a vaccine was a reason “to keep this Facebook group strong and going,” even as states begin to lift their stay-at-home orders. “Will you take it?” she asked. Among answers spouting debunked theories about the dangers of vaccines, one user weighed in to say she was newly skeptical, in light of how the development process was proceeding.“Although I have been vaccinated myself and vaccinated my kids for the typical childhood diseases (and have no issue with that) the thought of a vaccine being rushed through trial and forced on us makes me very nervous,” she wrote.On Twitter, more than three-quarters of posts since Monday using the hashtag #OperationWarpSpeed have pushed conspiracy theories about the effort. Others suggested hydroxychloroquine was a more suitable option, even though the Food and Drug Administration has warned of the antimalarial drug’s possible side effects. Trump on Monday said he was taking the drug as a preventive measure, prompting some of his supporters to double down on the unproven drug, which has been linked to increased risk of death for certain patients.“I would take Trump’s hydroxychloroquine . . . before I would be vaccinated by the left’s new covid-19 vaccine!” read a meme posted Tuesday in a pro-Trump Facebook group with more than 82,000 members.Brad Parscale, who is managing the president’s reelection campaign, also touted the drug after the president’s revelation about taking it. On Twitter, he shared a news release from the Association of American Physicians and Surgeons, a right-wing group that has lobbied in favor of broader exemptions from inoculation requirements for religious and other beliefs. Its periodical has published reports falsely tying child vaccination to autism and advancing a discredited link between abortion and breast cancer.A spokesman for the Trump campaign did not respond to a request for comment. Jane M. Orient, the group’s executive director, said AAPS contends that “vaccines should be fully tested and voluntary.”Similar views animate an online petition against a mandatory coronavirus vaccine sponsored by LifeSiteNews, a right-wing website that the fact-checking website Snopes calls a “known purveyor of misleading information.” The petition, which has racked up nearly half a million signatures, has been posted in some of the largest “reopen” groups on Facebook.Hotez said the activity showed Facebook is not doing enough to weed out dangerous misinformation putting public health at risk.Changes introduced by the technology giant last year were aimed at surfacing authoritative content about vaccines, including by altering what sort of pages and groups appear in the News Feed and search features. Andrea Vallone, a Facebook spokeswoman, pointed to a March news release from Nick Clegg, the company’s vice president for global affairs and communications, saying, “We remove COVID-19 related misinformation that could contribute to imminent physical harm.”Misinformation about vaccines is still rampant on the platform, said Kolina Koltai, a postdoctoral scholar at the Center for an Informed Public at the University of Washington who has been studying anti-vaccine groups on Facebook for five years. She first learned about the coronavirus in January, she said, because the online communities she tracks were already portraying the outbreak as a tool of government control.The conspiracy theories that sow distrust of immunization rely on some well-founded concerns about profit and the role of industry, she said.Moncef Slaoui, a former Moderna executive tapped to lead the White House’s vaccine initiative, on Tuesday divested his stock options in the Massachusetts biotechnology company, which a day earlier had announced promising early results from its first human safety tests. Moderna did not respond to a request for comment.“The anti-vaccine movement is really good at drawing people in,” Koltai said. “They’ll use whatever half-truth or slogan they can to convince people of their conspiracy beliefs.”|1
The old swine flu vaccine caused permanent brain damage; will the new coronavirus vaccine do the same? Following on from the announcement recently that the imminent Wuhan coronavirus (CoVid-19) vaccine that could be “fast tracked” to general release as early as July this year, will skip animal testing and come straight to human live trials. With little to no testing it means that the vaccine could indeed be more harmful than the virus, the extent of the dmage it could cause will be unknown. Whilst it will no doubt perpetuate the disease further through what’s known as “shedding”, it will increase the viral spread, yet any cause of death will be attributed to the Corona Virus. So we would need more vaccines to stop it! As reported on Vaccine.news: Several years back when everyone was freaking out about the H1N1 swine flu, health authorities promised a “miracle” vaccine that, in the end, was shown to be far more dangerous than the swine flu itself because it caused permanent brain damage. Well, now this same situation is happening all over again with the Wuhan coronavirus (CoVid-19), with promised vaccines that will more than likely come with similar damaging adverse effects.As you may recall, a shocking one in 16,000 people who were given the so-called Pandemrix vaccine, a product of GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), were later observed to develop some combination of narcolepsy, brain damage and even death. Some individuals reportedly lost their ability to sleep for more than 90 minutes at a time, while others suddenly fell unconscious without warning. The result was that many victims ended up suing GSK, and in the United Kingdom authorities agreed to pay out the equivalent of nearly $100 million in damages. The whole thing was a major fiasco, in other words, demonstrating once again that vaccines are hardly ever what they’re cracked up to be. Fast-forward about five years and here we are again with another major disease outbreak that the government says will require a novel vaccine in order to eradicate. And just like previous ones, it probably won’t be nearly as safe or effective as health officials will one day claim. SARS-CoV vaccines were shown in studies to cause immunopathology and increased susceptibility to more disease.A 2012 study published in the journal PLoS One found that getting jabbed with SARS (severe acute respiratory syndrome) coronavirus vaccines can cause a person to develop pulmonary immunopathology, meaning more infection. Researchers out of Texas determined that while getting vaccinated against SARS coronavirus results in a strong antibody response, the associated “challenge” of immunopathology creates other problems that, once again, makes these “medicines” more harmful than good. “These SARS-CoV vaccines all induced antibody and protection against infection with SARS-CoV,” they concluded. “However, challenge of mice given any of the vaccines led to occurrence of Th2-type immunopathology suggesting hypersensitivity to SARS-CoV components was induced. Caution in proceeding to application of a SARS-CoV vaccine in humans is indicated.” The Polio vaccine causes polio, so just in the same way the Corona Virus is likely to cause more cases of Corona Virus. What we’re witnessing is, in many ways, a repeat of what happened during the swine flu scare. Health authorities and governments around the world created fear and panic over a novel disease in order to scare millions of people into getting a vaccine that was more dangerous than the disease itself. And just like with the Wuhan coronavirus (CoVid-19), taxpayers are largely footing the bill. Please sign our petition against enforced medical intervention. If you not believe that Vaccines can even cause damage, please go here to see the governements own spreadsheets on just how many people are harmed by Vaccines. Its regularly updated. So how do you protect yourself against the Coronavirus? Anyone with a healthy lifestyle, a clean diet and strong immune system should be well equipped to cope with any virus. But if you are concerned about your own immune system then please read MD Fermin’s informative and thought provoking article, stating that the medical world has much to gain from embracing Immunotherapy, such as  Genuine GcMaf. We all have GcMAF in our bodies, as it is a naturally occurring protein. The likelihood is that if you are well and healthy, you have enough of it to fight off virus’s and pathogens. If on the other hand you are sick, or have been diagnosed with a serious condition, then your immune system is low and so your GcMAF is too.The evidence, research and real stories that proves the effectiveness of Genuine Bulgarian GcMAF Immunotherapy, even against the rarest of cancers, is abundant. One of the issues is that it is not a well publicised story. Dr. James Lyons-Weiler, PhD, also recently published a report on his website highlighting some little-known facts about the Wuhan coronavirus (CoVid-19) of which you may not be aware. Included in this report is a roundup of some known nutritional and supplemental remedies that could also help you and your family stay safe from this growing pandemic.According to Dr. Theron Hutton, MD, N-acetyl cysteine, selenium, spirulina, and high-dose glucosamine are all supplements of natural origin that have been scientifically shown to provide protection against RNA viruses like influenza and coronavirus. In a paper entitled, “Nutraceuticals have potential for boosting the type 1 interferon response to RNA viruses including influenza and coronavirus,” researchers from the Catalytic Longevity Foundation and the Mid America Heart Institute at St. Luke’s Hospital found that these and other herb extractions such as elderberry possess symptomatically beneficial properties that can help to mediate the impact of infections such as coronavirus, which is definitely worth considering. Lyons-Weiler also suggests staying away from other people whenever it’s feasible to do so. While avoiding people entirely is next to impossible, especially if you live in an urban or semi-urban environment that necessitates going out to buy groceries and other necessities on a regular basis, you can take basic steps such as not sharing food containers or utensils and avoiding medical facilities.|0
There is no evidence that sun exposure kills the coronavirus, known officially as COVID-19. UNICEF has debunked the claim. (UNICEF is a humanitarian organization, not a public health institution.). published March 6, Charlotte Petri Gornitzka, UNICEF’s deputy executive director for partnerships, addressed some misinformation about the coronavirus, including the fake handout.the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the best ways to prevent the 2019 coronavirus are to wash your hands with soap and water, avoid touching your face, avoid close contact with sick people, cover your coughs and sneezes, and disinfect surfaces in your home daily. As of now, there is no specific treatment for the virus.|1
ESCAPED? Given China’s poor track record with lab safety management, the virus is likely to have escaped from a facility, public health researcher Fang Chi-tai cited the opinions of other researchers as saying. Humans likely synthesized COVID-19, although more studies are needed to be certain, National Taiwan University (NTU) public health researcher Fang Chi-tai (方啟泰) said yesterday as he cited the opinions of other researchers.During his presentation at a disease-prevention education seminar held at NTU by the Taiwan Public Health Association — which invited several public health study professors and researchers to give presentations that were also broadcast live via Facebook — Fang addressed numerous hypotheses that have been raised by foreign researchers, including the possibility that the virus was leaked from the Wuhan Institute of Virology.He has heard of many US and Europe-based researchers who are asserting that the virus was inextricably linked to the institute, Fang said, adding this assertion was highly possible as the facility’s biosafety level 4 laboratory houses samples of SARS, Ebola and other deadly viruses.Given China’s poor track record with lab safety management and overall lab culture, it is highly likely that a virus escaped from the facility, he cited the opinions of other researchers as saying.Analyses of COVID-19 have shown that is has a 96 percent genetic similarity with an RaTG13 bat virus at the institute, he said.While viruses need to be at least 99 percent similar to call them “the same,” it is the differences in particular that have led researchers to speculate that COVID-19 was manufactured by modifying RaTG13, he said.A French research team that examined the gene sequence of COVID-19 has discovered that it has four more amino acids than other coronaviruses, he said, adding that this makes its transmission easier.The findings have led some in the research community to speculate about whether China’s scientists intended to develop a virus more difficult to contain than SARS, he said.If that was their intent, they appeared to have succeeded, Fang added.Mutations of viruses that occur naturally only result in small, singular changes, he said, adding that one would not normally see a naturally mutated virus suddenly take on four amino acids.While such a large mutation is not impossible, it is highly unlikely, he said.However, only an internal administrative review at the institute could rule out whether the virus was manufactured there, he said.Such an investigation would require access to lab records, which is unlikely to happen in the short term, he added. Determining the source of the coronavirus has important implications for epidemiology, Fang said, adding that if the virus does not occur in nature, then it is likely to be entirely stamped out. This is quite different from forms of influenza, which cannot be easily eradicated, because they are part of the ecosystem, Fang added.|0
Dr. Anthony Fauci, whose “expert” advice to President Trump has resulted in the complete shutdown of the greatest economic engine in world history, has known since 2005 that chloroquine is an effective inhibitor of coronaviruses.How did he know this? Because of research done by the National Institutes of Health, of which he is the director. In connection with the SARS outbreak - caused by a coronavirus dubbed SARS- CoV - the NIH researched chloroquine and concluded that it was effective at stopping the SARS coronavirus in its tracks. The COVID-19 bug is likewise a coronavirus, labeled SARS-CoV-2. While not exactly the same virus as SARS-CoV-1, it is genetically related to it, and shares 79% of its genome, as the name SARS-CoV-2 implies. They both use the same host cell receptor, which is what viruses use to gain entry to the cell and infect the victim.The Virology Journal - the official publication of Dr. Fauci’s National Institutes of Health - published what is now a blockbuster article on August 22, 2005, under the heading - get ready for this - “Chloroquine is a potent inhibitor of SARS coronavirus infection and spread.” (Emphasis mine throughout.) Write the researchers, “We report...that chloroquine has strong antiviral effects on SARS-CoV infection of primate cells. These inhibitory effects are observed when the cells are treated with the drug either before or after exposure to the virus, suggesting both prophylactic and therapeutic advantage.”This means, of course, that Dr. Fauci (pictured at right) has known for 15 years that chloroquine and it’s even milder derivative hydroxychloroquine (HCQ) will not only treat a current case of coronavirus (“therapeutic”) but prevent future cases (“prophylactic”). So HCQ functions as both a cure and a vaccine. In other words, it’s a wonder drug for coronavirus. Said Dr. Fauci’s NIH in 2005, “concentrations of 10 μM completely abolished SARS-CoV infection.” Fauci’s researchers add, “chloroquine can effectively reduce the establishment of infection and spread of SARS-CoV.”Dr. Didier Raoult, the Anthony Fauci of France, had such spectacular success using HCQ to treat victims of SARS-CoV-2 that he said way back on February 25 that “it’s game over” for coronavirus.He and a team of researchers reported that the use of HCQ administered with both azithromycin and zinc cured 79 of 80 patients with only “rare and minor” adverse events. “In conclusion,” these researchers write, “we confirm the efficacy of hydroxychloroquine associated with azithromycin in the treatment of COVID-19 and its potential effectiveness in the early impairment of contagiousness.”The highly-publicized VA study that purported to show HCQ was ineffective showed nothing of the sort. HCQ wasn’t administered until the patients were virtually on their deathbeds when research indicates it should be prescribed as soon as symptoms are apparent. Plus, HCQ was administered without azithromycin and zinc, which form the cocktail that makes it supremely effective. At-risk individuals need to receive the HCQ cocktail at the first sign of symptoms.But Governor Andrew Cuomo banned the use of HCQ in the entire state of New York on March 6, the Democrat governors of Nevada and Michigan soon followed suit, and by March 28 the whole country was under incarceration-in-place fatwas.Nothing happened with regard to the use of HCQ in the U.S. until March 20, when President Trump put his foot down and insisted that the FDA consider authorizing HCQ for off-label use to treat SARS-CoV-2.On March 23, Dr. Vladimir Zelenko reported that he had treated around 500 coronavirus patients with HCQ and had seen an astonishing 100% success rate. That’s not the “anecdotal” evidence Dr. Fauci sneers at, but actual results with real patients in clinical settings.“Since last Thursday, my team has treated approximately 350 patients in Kiryas Joel and another 150 patients in other areas of New York with the above regimen. Of this group and the information provided to me by affiliated medical teams, we have had ZERO deaths, ZERO hospitalizations, and ZERO intubations. In addition, I have not heard of any negative side effects other than approximately 10% of patients with temporary nausea and diarrhea.”Said Dr. Zelenko:"If you scale this nationally, the economy will rebound much quicker. The country will open again. And let me tell you a very important point. This treatment costs about $20. That’s very important because you can scale that nationally. If every treatment costs $20,000, that’s not so good.All I’m doing is repurposing old, available drugs which we know their safety profiles, and using them in a unique combination in an outpatient setting."The questions are disturbing to a spectacular degree. If Dr. Fauci has known since 2005 of the effectiveness of HCQ, why hasn’t it been administered immediately after people show symptoms, as Dr. Zelenko has done? Maybe then nobody would have died and nobody would have been incarcerated in place except the sick, which is who a quarantine is for in the first place. To paraphrase Jesus, it’s not the symptom-free who need HCQ but the sick. And they need it at the first sign of symptoms.While the regressive health care establishment wants the HCQ cocktail to only be administered late in the course of the infection, from a medical standpoint, this is stupid. Said one doctor, “As a physician, this baffles me. I can’t think of a single infectious condition — bacterial, fungal, or viral — where the best medical treatment is to delay the use of an anti-bacterial, anti-fungal, or anti-viral until the infection is far advanced.”So why has Dr. Fauci minimized and dismissed HCQ at every turn instead of pushing this thing from jump street? He didn’t even launch clinical trials of HCQ until April 9, by which time 33,000 people had died.This may be why: “Chloroquine, a relatively safe, effective and cheap drug used for treating many human diseases...is effective in inhibiting the infection and spread of SARS CoV.” That’s the problem. It is safe, inexpensive, and it works - in other words, there’s nothing sexy or avant-garde about HCQ. It’s been around since 1934.Given human nature, it’s possible, even likely, that those who are chasing the unicorn of a coronavirus vaccine are doing so for reasons other than human health. I can’t see into anybody’s heart, and can’t presume to know their motives, but on the other hand, human nature recognizes that there’s no glory in pushing HCQ, and nobody is going to get anything named for him in the history books. The polio vaccine was developed by Jonas Salk in 1954, and it is still known as the “Salk vaccine.” There will be no “Fauci vaccine” if HCQ is the answer to the problem.So while Dr. Fauci is tut-tutting and pooh-poohing HCQ, Dr. Raoult and Dr. Zelensky are out there saving lives at $20 a pop. Maybe we should spend more time listening to them than the wizards-of-smart bureaucrats the Talking Snake Media fawns over.Dr. Fauci is regarded by the Talking Snake Media as the Oracle at Delphi. The entire nation hangs on his every word. But if nobody is dying and nobody is locked down, his 15 minutes of fame fades to zero. Very few people are not going to be influenced by that prospect, especially when it’s easy to keep the attention of the public by continuing to feed the panic.It should not be overlooked that there is no money in HCQ for Big Pharma since HCQ is a generic that can be manufactured so cheaply there is little profit margin in it. On the other hand, the payday for a vaccine will literally be off-the-charts. Who knows what kind of behind-the-scenes pressure is being put on Fauci and others in the health care establishment?There is a monstrous reputational risk for those who will be found to have dismissively waved off a treatment that could have been used from the very beginning, even back on February 15 when Dr. Fauci said that the risk from Coronavirus was “minuscule.” How many lives could have been saved if the heads of our multi-billion dollar health care bureaucracy had been advocating for HCQ treatment from day one? We’ll never know. Instead, their advice has been dangerous and deadly in every sense of that word.Someday - maybe even today - we will be able to identify the individuals who had the knowledge and expertise to make a global difference, but turned up their noses at the solution when it could have made all the difference in the world.|0
We have gone weeks without seeing friends and family, without school, holidays or even being able to go to work.On 10 May, Boris Johnson is expected to address lockdown measures, although people should "not expect big changes."So what can be lifted and when?Why can't we just lift lockdown?This virus remains massively contagious. Before lockdown, one infected person passed it onto at least three others on average (the so called R-number).And less than 5% of the UK population is estimated to have been infected. Or to put that another way - more than 63 million are still vulnerable.If we just lift the lockdown, then another explosive outbreak is inevitable.Is there any wiggle room?The goal of lockdown has been to cut infections by around 70% to force the R-number below one (the point at which the outbreak starts to decline). That has been achieved.However, it is only just below one."There isn't much wiggle room," a source within the government's science advisers told me, adding the country "can't make a huge number of changes".One set of modelling suggests opening schools - and nothing else - would be enough to almost tip us back into rising cases.What will 'test, track, trace' achieve?The aim is to create more "wiggle room" - you identify cases and then perform rapid contact tracing and put those at risk in quarantine.This strategy, also called "seek and destroy", will be supported by a voluntary smartphone app which will help identify contacts.The more successfully this is done, the more it will reduce the ability of the virus to spread and the more restrictions can be lifted on day-to-day life."At the moment you need, on average, a 60-70% reduction in social interactions to stop the outbreak increasing," said Dr Kucharski."If we can get that down to 30% that gives you a lot more to play with."But even this is not life as normal and other measures would still be needed to keep the disease in check."It is a more moderate version of where we are now," said Dr Kucharski.What about protecting those at risk?Another strategy proposed by some is "enhanced shielding".Instead of trying to suppress the coronavirus across every section of society, you could instead aim to stop it completely for the most vulnerable.Prof Mark Woolhouse, from the University of Edinburgh, said: "Very crudely, for 80% of us who are not vulnerable this is a nasty virus, but it wouldn't overwhelm the healthcare system and it wouldn't lock down society."If we really bolster that shielding, make a very strong shield indeed, then it buys you a lot more room and it may mean you can relax some measures permanently."That would mean all staff hospitals, care homes or anyone visiting those deemed vulnerable being regularly tested to ensure they are clear of the virus. Ideally, antibody tests would prove they are immune to it.The danger is, having more virus circulating in the community could put those "shields" under intense pressure.Which lockdown measures could be lifted?Some restrictions are less risky in terms of spreading the virus."Essentially we've got a lot of not very good options - it won't be one day and everything will change, but things could open up," Dr Adam Kucharski, from the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, told the BBC.Dr Kucharski argues lifting different restrictions can be put into three broad categories: Those with low, moderate and substantial risk of increasing transmission of the virus.Low risk includes exercising outdoors, which has been restricted in some countries.Wales has already announced that from 11 May, people will be able able to exercise more than once a day.Moderate risk would include letting some non-essential shops re-open or having occasional gatherings with people outside the household.Substantial increases could come from lifting advice to work from home, reopening schools or isolating sick people and quarantining households."I think the order things went in will be reflected in the order things will be lifted," he says.There remains a nervousness within the scientific advice to government about lifting restrictions in areas, like pubs, whose whole purpose is to bring people together.And there is an emerging question around primary schools as young children, some studies suggest, cannot be infected as easily.When could restrictions be lifted?There is a decision about how far we go with suppressing the virus now we've passed the peak.We could drive levels down as low as possible. That will greatly limit the ability of the virus to bounce back in a second wave and make testing and contact tracing more likely to be effective. The trade-off is maintaining the lockdown for longer.Or we could exit lockdown now and accept having a higher number of cases, which creates its own problems.What could shift the balance?The biggest thing that could come along is a vaccine, as immunising people would mean there was no need for any social distancing measures. That is thought to be more than a year away.Failing that, the concept of herd immunity may kick in when around 70% of the population have been infected and the virus can no longer cause large outbreaks.Effective drugs would also make a huge difference if they could stop Covid-19 progressing from a cough or fever into a serious disease needing intensive care.We might get closer to normality, or at least normality for some, in the months to come. But we are all still in this for the long haul.|1
a CBC report would have linked the "withdrawal" of two Chinese researchers from a Canadian high-security laboratory in Winnipeg to the current coronavirus in China|0
Abundant clinical evidence confirms vitamin C’s powerful antiviral effect when used in sufficient quantity. Treating influenza with very large amounts of vitamin C is not a new idea at all. Frederick R. Klenner, MD, and Robert F. Cathcart, MD, successfully used this approach for decades. Frequent oral dosing with vitamin C sufficient to reach a daily bowel tolerance limit will work for most persons. Intravenous vitamin C is indicated for the most serious cases.Bowel tolerance levels of vitamin C, taken as divided doses all throughout the day, are a clinically proven antiviral without equal. Vitamin C can be used alone or right along with medicines if one so chooses.“Some physicians would stand by and see their patients die rather than use ascorbic acid. Vitamin C should be given to the patient while the doctors ponder the diagnosis.” (Frederick R. Klenner, MD, chest specialist). Dr. Robert Cathcart advocated treating influenza with up to 150,000 milligrams of vitamin C daily, often intravenously. You and I can, to some extent, simulate a 24 hour IV of vitamin C by taking it by mouth very, very often. When I had pneumonia, it took 2,000 mg of vitamin C every six minutes, by the clock, to get me to saturation. My oral daily dose was over 100,000 mg. Fever, cough and other symptoms were reduced in hours; complete recovery took just a few days. That is performance at least as good as any pharmaceutical will give, and the vitamin is both safer and cheaper. Many physicians consider high doses of vitamin C to be so powerful an antiviral that it may be ranked as a functional immunization for a variety influenza strains. Dr. Cathcart writes: “The sicker a person was, the more ascorbic acid they would tolerate orally without it causing diarrhea. In a person with an otherwise normal GI tract when they were well, would tolerate 5 to 15 grams of ascorbic acid orally in divided doses without diarrhea. With a mild cold 30 to 60 grams; with a bad cold, 100 grams; with a flu, 150 grams; and with mononucleosis, viral pneumonia, etc. 200 grams or more of ascorbic acid would be tolerated orally without diarrhea. The process of finding what dose will cause diarrhea and will eliminate the acute symptoms, I call titrating to bowel tolerance.“The ascorbate effect is a threshold effect. Symptoms are usually neutralized when a dose of about 90% or more of bowel tolerance is reached with oral ascorbic acid. Intravenous sodium ascorbate is about 2½ times more powerful than ascorbic acid by mouth and since for all practical purposes huge doses of sodium ascorbate are non-toxic, whatever dose necessary to eliminate free radical driven symptoms should be given.”The coronavirus, in acute infections, may be expected to be just as susceptible to vitamin C as all of the other viruses against which it has been proven to be extremely effective. There has never been a documented situation in which sufficiently high dosing with vitamin C has been unable to neutralize or kill any virus against which it has been tested. Even the common cold is a coronavirus. A “new” opportunistic virus is a not a big surprise. History is full of them. Flu Pandemic of 1919-1920. About 10 million soldiers were killed in World War I (1914-1918), charging machine guns and getting mowed down month after month. There were nearly a million casualties at the Somme and another million at Verdun. A terrible slaughter went on for four years. Yet, in just the two years following the war, over 20 million people died from influenza. That is more than twice as many deaths from the flu in one-half the time it took the machine guns.With a century’s worth of accumulated scientific hindsight, we must today ask this: Was a lack of vaccinations really the cause of those flu deaths, or was it really wartime stress, and especially war-induced malnutrition, that set the stage in 1918? And now, once again, we have an alarming and rather similar scenario: between nutrient-poor processed convenience foods, McNothing meals and TV news scare stories, we have the basic ingredients for an epidemic.Influenza is a serious disease, and historically, has been the Reaper’s scythe. There is no way to make light of that. It warrants a closer look at how the medical profession and government have approached different types of influenza. Swine Flu. In the mid-1970s, there was the colossal Swine Flu panic. Here is what the government of the United States said about the infamous Swine Flu vaccine, in a 1976 mass-distributed FDA Consumer Memo on the subject: “Some minor side effects – tenderness in the arm, low fever, tiredness – will occur in less than 4% of (vaccinated) adults. Serious reactions from flu vaccines are very rare.”Many will remember the very numerous and very serious side effects of Swine Flu vaccine that forced the federal immunization program to a halt. So much for blanket claims of safety.As far as being essential, in the same memo the FDA said this of the same vaccine: “Question: What can be done to prevent an epidemic? Answer: The only preventive action we can take is to develop a vaccine to immunize the public against the virus. This will prevent the virus from spreading.”This was seen to be totally false. The public immunization program for Swine Flu was abruptly halted and still there was no epidemic. If vaccination were the only defense, one might expect that tens of millions of Americans would have been struck down with the Swine Flu, for a large percentage of the population of the U.S. was not vaccinated.“Vaccines are being used as an ideological weapon. What you see every year as the flu is caused by 200 or 300 different agents with a vaccine against two of them. That is simply nonsense.” (Tom Jefferson, MD, epidemiologist).Bird Flu. Robert F. Cathcart, MD, writes: “Treatment of the Bird Flu with massive doses of ascorbate would be the same as any other flu except that the severity of the disease indicates that it may take unusually massive doses of ascorbic acid orally or even intravenous sodium ascorbate. (Why the dose needed is somewhat proportional to the severity of the disease being treated is discussed in my paper published in 1981, Titrating to Bowel Tolerance, Anascorbemia, and Acute Induced Scurvy.) I have not seen any flu yet that was not cured or markedly ameliorated by massive doses of vitamin C but it is possible that the bird flu may require even higher doses such as 150 to 300 grams a day. Additionally, this flu could be primarily respiratory. This means that hospitalization might be necessary. If massive doses of ascorbate are not used, they may not be adequate. Most hospitals will not allow adequate doses of ascorbate to be given.Initial oral doses of ascorbic acid should also be massive. I would suggest like 12 grams every 15 minutes until diarrhea is produced. Then, however, doses should be reduced but not much. Listen to your body. If there are many symptoms, keep taking doses that cause a little diarrhea. You do not want constant runs because it is the amount you absorb that is important, not the amount you put in your mouth.”BBC – 9 April 2006: “The chances of bird flu virus mutating into a form that spreads between humans are ‘very low,’ the government’s chief scientific adviser has said. Sir David King said any suggestion a global flu pandemic in humans was inevitable was ‘totally misleading.'” SARS. The coronavirus outbreak in China seems to be due to a virus similar to SARS (Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome), which was also a coronavirus. You may remember SARS from 2002. I most certainly do, as I was in Toronto, Canada at the time, smack in the middle of it. I took a lot of vitamin C preventively and had zero symptoms.“The common cold is a coronavirus, and SARS is a coronavirus, so they are the same viral type.” (David Jenkins, MD, Professor of Medicine and Nutritional Science, University of Toronto). Waiting for a vaccine?“We have set up a situation where a fear is created, and then we try to create the treatment for this fear. The public gets the idea that the flu is going to kill them and the vaccine will save them. Neither is true.” (Marc Siegel, MD, author of False Alarm: The Truth About the Epidemic of Fear).Robert F. Cathcart: “All this talk about a vaccine is too late; a waste of time now, especially when we know how to cure the disease already. Every flu I have seen so far (since 1970) has been cured or ameliorated by massive doses of ascorbate. All of these diseases kill by way of free radicals. These free radicals are easily eliminated by massive doses of ascorbate. This is a matter of chemistry, not medicine. The time has come to stop hiding our ability to treat these acute infectious diseases with massive doses of ascorbate.“Ideally, however, in serious cases this disease should be treated first with at least 180 grams or more of sodium ascorbate intravenously every 24 hours running constantly until the fever is broken and most of the symptoms are ameliorated. If after a few hours that rate of administration does not have an obvious ameliorating effect, the rate should be increased.”What dosage?Vitamin C fights all types of viruses. Although the dose should truly be high, even a low supplemental amount of vitamin C saves lives. This is very important for those with low incomes and few treatment options. For example, in one well-controlled, randomized study, just 200 mg/day vitamin C given to the elderly resulted in improvement in respiratory symptoms in the most severely ill, hospitalized patients. And there were 80% fewer deaths in the vitamin C group.But to best build up our immune systems, we need to employ large, orthomolecular doses of several vital nutrients. The physicians on the Orthomolecular Medicine News Service review board specifically recommend at least 3,000 milligrams (or more) of vitamin C daily, in divided doses. Vitamin C empowers the immune system and can directly denature many viruses. It can be taken as ascorbic acid (which is sour like vinegar), either in capsules or as crystals dissolved in water or juice. It can also be taken as sodium ascorbate, which is non-acidic. To be most effective, it should be taken to bowel tolerance. This means taking high doses several (or many) times each day. See the references below for more information.Nebulized hydrogen peroxide. Thomas E. Levy, MD: “Viral syndromes start or are strongly supported by ongoing viral replication in the naso- and oropharynx. When appropriate agents are nebulized (into a fine spray) and this viral presence is quickly eliminated, the rest of the body “mops up” quite nicely the rest of the viral presence. The worst viral infections are continually fed and sustained by the viral growth in the pharynx. Probably the best and most accessible agent to nebulize would be 3% hydrogen peroxide for 15 to 30 minutes several times daily.” An example of successful treatment by ascorbate: “Chikungunya is a viral illness characterized by severe joint pains, which may persist for months to years. There is no effective treatment for this disease. We treated 56 patients with moderate to severe persistent pains with a single infusion of ascorbic acid ranging from 25-50 grams and hydrogen peroxide (3 cc of a 3% solution) from July to October 2014. Patients were asked about their pain using the Verbal Numerical Rating Scale-11 immediately before and after treatment. The mean Pain Score before and after treatment was 8 and 2 respectively (60%) (p < 0.001); and 5 patients (9%) had a Pain Score of 0. The use of intravenous ascorbic acid and hydrogen peroxide resulted in a statistically significant reduction of pain in patients with moderate to severe pain from the Chikungunya virus immediately after treatment.”Available evidence indicates that supplementation with multiple micronutrients with immune-supporting roles may modulate immune function and reduce the risk of infection. Micronutrients with the strongest evidence for immune support are vitamins C and D and zinc.Additional recommended nutrients. Magnesium: 400 mg daily (in citrate, malate, chelate, or chloride form). Many people are deficient in magnesium, because modern agriculture often does not supply adequate magnesium in the soil, and food processing removes magnesium. It is an extremely important nutrient that is essential for hundreds of biochemical pathways. A blood test for magnesium cannot correctly diagnose a deficiency. A long-term deficiency of magnesium can build up in the body that may take 6 months to a year of higher than normal doses to replete.A very cheap and highly beneficial adjunct for any acute infection, especially viral, is oral magnesium chloride. Amazingly, just as intravenous vitamin C has been shown to cure polio, an oral magnesium chloride regimen has been shown to do the same thing, as or even more effectively than the vitamin C.Mix 25 grams MgCl2 in a quart of water. Depending on body size (tiny infant to an adult), give 15 to 125 ml of this solution four times daily. If the taste is too salty/bitter, a favorite juice can be added.Vitamin D3: 2,000 International Units daily. (Start with 5,000 IU/day for two weeks, then reduce to 2,000). Vitamin D is stored in the body for long periods but takes a long time to reach an effective level. If you are deficient (e.g. if you haven’t taken vitamin D and it’s near the end of winter when the sun is low in the sky) you can start by taking larger than normal doses for 2 weeks to build up the level quickly. The maintenance dose varies with body weight, 400-1000 IU/day for children and 2000-5000 IU/day for adults.William Grant, PhD, says: “Coronaviruses cause pneumonia as does influenza. A study of the case-fatality rate from the 1918-1919 influenza pandemic in the United States showed that most deaths were due to pneumonia. The SARS-coronavirus and the current China coronavirus were both most common in winter, when vitamin D status is lowest.”“I have found the value of bolstering immune function with Vitamin D to be incredibly powerful.” (Dr. Jeffrey Allyn Ruterbusch). Zinc is a powerful antioxidant and is essential for many biochemical pathways. It has been shown to be effective in helping the body fight infections. [20,21] A recommended dose is 20-40 mg/day for adults. Selenium: 100 mcg (micrograms) daily. Selenium is an essential nutrient and an important antioxidant that can help to fight infections. Dr. Damien Downing says: “Swine flu, bird flu and SARS (another coronavirus) all developed in selenium-deficient areas of China; Ebola and HIV in Selenium-deficient areas of Sub-Saharan Africa. This is because the same oxidative stress that causes us inflammation forces viruses to mutate rapidly in order to survive. ‘When Se-deficient virus-infected hosts were supplemented with dietary Se, viral mutation rates diminished and immunocompetence improved.'”B-complex vitamins and vitamin A: A multivitamin tablet with each meal will supply these conveniently and economically. Nutritional supplements are not just a good idea. For fighting viruses, they are absolutely essential.|0
There is no cure for COVID-19. A vaccine is being developed, but it will be some time before it is available. Different medicines are being tested to see whether they can help patients with COVID-19. The research is in the early stages, so these medicines are normally. only given as part of a clinical trial. A drug called remdesivir may be used in patients who have severe COVID-19. Other drugs that are being investigated are called chloroquine, hydroxychloroquine, and lopinavir/ritonavir. Another treatment is being developed from the blood of people who have recovered from COVID-19. Their blood contains proteins called antibodies, which can stick to the virus that causes COVID-19 and help to fight the infection. This treatment is called convalescent plasma.Hospital treatment. The treatment for someone with COVID-19 is the same as for pneumonia or any other serious viral chest infection.If you are treated in hospital, the treatment will consist of: rest, making sure you get plenty of fluids, possibly through an IV (intravenous) drip, medication to lower fever and reduce pain, if needed oxygen, if you need it, and close monitoring. You might also be given antibiotics to begin with, in case you have a bacterial infection. But if testing shows that you have a viral infection, the antibiotics will be stopped, as antibiotics don’t work against viruses.People with severe symptoms might be treated in an intensive care unit (ICU). If you need to be treated in intensive care, your treatment might also include:a tube passed through your mouth to your windpipe, called an endotracheal tube, and a ventilator to support your breathing. Some people being treated in hospital might also need treatment for sepsis.Home treatment.In most countries, people who are seriously ill would probably be isolated and treated in hospital.But if someone has mild symptoms of suspected COVID-19, they can probably be looked after at home until they can be tested. For example, in the UK, people who have symptoms are advised not to go to hospital right away, but to stay at home and contact their health authorities, and to follow their advice. This will help stop the spread of the virus.The guidance for looking after them at home is as follows: They should be looked after in a well ventilated room by themselves, and should stay in that room as much as possible, so that they don’t spread the infection. The number of people who look after the ill person should be limited to as few as possible. Ideally, anyone looking after the ill person should be in good health.If you wear a medical mask while looking after someone with symptoms, change it for a new one if it comes into contact with their bodily fluids.Wash your hands thoroughly after touching the ill person. You might want to wear disposable gloves, such as latex gloves.Dispose carefully of any tissues the person uses. Don’t share anything like towels or bedclothes with the ill person. Carefully wash any plates, drinking glasses and cutlery after they use it. Regularly wipe and disinfect any surfaces the person touches regularly, such as bedside tables.Clean toilet and bathroom surfaces regularly.Clean all clothes, bedclothes, and towels used by the ill person at 60 to 90° C. The ill person should limit contact with pets and other animals. At this time, there is no evidence that pets and other animals can spread COVID-19 but caution is advised. Cats. can become infected with coronavirus after contact with people who have COVID-19.Scientists are carrying out research in this area too. Keep taking any prescribed medications, unless your doctor recommends that you stop.The advice might change as we find out more about this virus and how it spreads.If you are looking after someone who might have COVID-19 at home, your whole household might need to stay in isolation for up to 14 days, to reduce the risk of passing on the infection.If you are not sure what to do, contact your doctor for advice.What will happen?It’s not possible to say what will happen to someone infected with COVID-19. The outcome can vary. What we know so far is that: the infection is most likely to be serious in older people with existing long-term health problems. But most people with COVID-19 don't become seriously ill, about 80 in 100 people with COVID-19 have a mild illness, about 20 in 100 people develop more severe symptoms, most people who become ill are middle aged and older, but some young adults have become very ill as well, children are much less likely than adults to become ill, but a few children do become very ill, men are more likely than women to become severely ill. The best thing you can do is to follow the advice about travel restrictions, other prevention measures and about what to do if you feel ill. This will help to protect you and the people around you. During the COVID-19 pandemic, doctors have noticed that fewer people are coming to hospital with serious illnesses like heart attacks or cancers. If you feel unwell, even if you don’t think you have COVID-19, it is very important to get help. Hospitals are still open for other emergencies.If you usually do a lot of exercise, you should rest for at least two weeks after recovering from COVID-19 or testing positive for coronavirus. You should speak to your doctor about when you can start exercising again.|1
The global coronavirus pandemic has huge geopolitical implications. The world will never be the same again. However, it is premature to talk about what kind of world it will end up being. The epidemic has not passed: we have not even reached the peak. The main unknowns remain the following:how many losses will humanity suffer in the end - how many deaths?who will be able to stop the spread of the virus and how?what will be the real consequences for those who fell ill and for those who survived?No one can yet answer these questions, even roughly, and therefore we cannot even remotely imagine what the real damage will be. In the worst case, the pandemic will lead to a serious drop in the world population. At best, panic will prove premature and unfounded. But even after the first months of the pandemic, some global geopolitical changes are already quite evident and largely irreversible. No matter how the events that follow will develop, something in the world order has changed once and for all.The outbreak of the coronavirus epidemic represents a decisive moment in the destruction of the unipolar world and the collapse of globalization. The crisis of unipolarity and the breakdown of globalization have been evident since the beginning of the 2000s - the catastrophe of September 11, the strong growth of the Chinese economy, the return to Putin's Russia's global politics as an increasingly sovereign entity , the strong mobilization of the Islamic factor, the growing migration crisis and the rise of populism in Europe and even in the United States, which led to the election of Trump and many other parallel phenomena, made it clear that the world formed in the nineties around the predominance of the West, the United States and global capitalism has entered a phase of crisis. The multipolar world order begins to form with new central actors, civilizations, as anticipated by Samuel Huntington [Cfr. Aleksandr Dugin, Multipolar World Theory , AGA Editrice, 2019, NdT]. But in the face of the signs of an emerging multipolarity, one thing is a trend, another is objective reality. It is like ice cracked in the spring - it is clear that it will not last long, but at the same time, it is undeniable that you can also move on it, even if you run some risk. Nobody can be sure when the cracked ice will actually give up.Now we can start a countdown to a multipolar world order and the starting point is the coronavirus epidemic. The pandemic has buried globalization, open society and the global capitalist system. The virus forced us on ice and the individual enclaves of humanity began to take their own isolated historical trajectories.Coronavirus has buried all the major myths of globalization:the effectiveness of open borders and the interdependence of countries in the world,the ability of supranational institutions to cope with an extraordinary situation,the sustainability of the global financial system and the global economy as a whole, facing serious challenges, the futility of centralized states, socialist regimes and disciplinary methods in solving acute problems and the total superiority of liberal strategies towards them,- the total triumph of liberalism as a panacea for all problematic situations.Their solutions have not worked in Italy, nor in other European Union countries, nor in the United States. The only thing that proved effective was the clear closure of society, dependence on internal resources, the strong power of the state and the isolation of the sick from the healthy, citizens from foreigners, etc.At the same time, Western countries also reacted to the pandemic in a very different way: the Italians introduced the total quarantine, Macron introduced a state dictatorship regime (in the Jacobin spirit), Merkel has allocated 500 billion euros to support the population, and Boris Johnson, following the spirit of Anglo-Saxon individualism, suggested that the disease should be considered a private matter affecting every English taken individually and refused to perform the swab tests, sympathizing in advance with those who lose loved ones. Trump established a state of emergency in the United States, closing connections with Europe and the rest of the world. If the West acts in such a disparate and contradictory way, what will become of the rest of the countries? Everyone seems to be saved as they can. This goal was best achieved by China, which, thanks to the practical policies of the Communist Party, established strict disciplinary methods to combat contagion, accusing the United States of spreading it. The same accusation was made by Iran, which was hit hard by the virus - even among the leaders of the country.Thus, the virus tore open society to pieces and pushed humanity forward on its path to a multipolar world.Regardless of how the fight against coronavirus will end, it is clear that globalization has collapsed. This could almost certainly mark the end of liberalism and its total ideological domination. It is difficult to predict the final version of the future world order - especially in its details. Multipolarism is a system that historically has never existed, and if we look for some remote analogy, we should not turn to the era of the more or less equivalent European states according to the Westphalian world, but to the period before the era of the Great Geographical Discoveries, when, together with Europe (divided into western and eastern Christian countries), the Islamic world, India, China and Russia existed as independent civilizations. The same civilizations existed in the pre-colonial period in America (the Incas, the Aztecs, etc. ) and in Africa. There were links and contacts between these civilizations, but there was no single type of link with universal values, institutions and systems.The post coronavirus world is likely to include individual regions of the world, civilizations, continents that are gradually transforming themselves into independent actors. At the same time, the universal model of liberal capitalism is likely to collapse. This model currently serves as the common denominator of the whole structure of unipolarity: from the absolutization of the market to parliamentary democracy and the ideology of human rights, including the notion of progress and the law of technological development which have risen to the rank of dogma in the 'Europe  New Age  (of the New Times) and have spread to all human societies through colonization (directly or indirectly in the form of westernization).Much will depend on who defeats the epidemic and how: where disciplinary measures prove effective, they will enter the future political and economic order as an essential component. The same conclusion can be reached by those who, on the other hand, will not be able to face the threat of a pandemic through the opening and absence of severe measures. Temporary alienation dictated by the direct threat of contagion from another country and from another region, the breakdown of economic ties and the necessary alienation from a single financial system will force the states affected by the epidemic to seek self-sufficiency, because the priority will be food security, minimum autonomy and economic autarchy to meet the vital needs of the population, beyond any economic dogma considered mandatory before the coronavirus crisis. Even where liberalism and capitalism are preserved, they will be placed in a national framework in the spirit of mercantilist theories that insist on maintaining the monopoly of foreign trade in the hands of the state. Those who are less tied to the liberal tradition can very well move in the areas of the most optimal organization of the "great space" in other directions - taking into account the civilizational and cultural specificities.It cannot be said in advance what the multipolar model as a whole will eventually become, but the very fact of breaking the universally binding dogma of liberal globalization will open up completely new opportunities and paths for each civilization.After the coronavirus: multipolar security. The multipolar world will create a completely new security architecture. It may not be more sustainable or adaptable to conflict resolution, but it will be different. In this new model, the West, the United States and NATO, if NATO still exists, will be only one factor among others. The United States itself will clearly not be able (and probably will not, if Trump's line eventually prevails in Washington) to play the role of sole global arbiter, and therefore the United States will acquire a different status after the quarantine and emergency state. It can be compared to Israel's role in the Middle East. Israel is undoubtedly a powerful country, which actively influences the balance of power in the region, but does not export its ideology and values ​​to the surrounding Arab countries. On the contrary, it retains its Jewish identity for itself, rather trying to free itself from readers of other values ​​rather than include them in its composition. The construction of a wall with Mexico and Trump's invitation to the Americans to focus on their internal problems is similar to Israel's path: the United States will be a powerful power, but its liberal-capitalist ideology will have value are for themselves , without attracting third parties. The same will apply to Europe. As a result, the most important factor in the unipolar world will radically change its status. The construction of a wall with Mexico and Trump's invitation to the Americans to focus on their internal problems is similar to Israel's path: the United States will be a powerful power, but its liberal-capitalist ideology will have value are for themselves , without attracting third parties. The same will apply to Europe. As a result, the most important factor in the unipolar world will radically change its status. The construction of a wall with Mexico and Trump's invitation to the Americans to focus on their internal problems is similar to Israel's path: the United States will be a powerful power, but its liberal-capitalist ideology will have value are for themselves , without attracting third parties. The same will apply to Europe. As a result, the most important factor in the unipolar world will radically change its status.This, of course, will lead to a redistribution of forces and functions among other civilizations. Europe, if it maintains its unity in some way, is likely to create its own military blockade independent of the United States, which has already been mentioned after the collapse of the Soviet Union (the Eurocorps project  ) and to which Macron and Merkel have repeatedly mentioned. While not directly hostile to the United States, such a blockade will in many cases pursue purely European interests, which at times may differ significantly from those of the United States. This will primarily affect relations with Russia, Iran, China and the Islamic world.China will have to transform itself from the beneficiary of globalization and adapt to pursue its national interests as a regional power. This is exactly what all the processes in China are heading towards lately - the strengthening of Xi Jianping's power, the "One Belt One Road" project, etc. It will no longer be a globalization with Chinese characteristics, but a project explicitly focused on the Far East with peculiar Confucian and partly socialist characteristics. Clearly, conflicts in the Pacific Ocean with the United States will worsen at some point.The Islamic world will face a difficult problem linked to the new paradigm of self-organization, since in the conditions of formation of the great spaces - Europe, China, USA, Russia, etc. - the individual Islamic countries will not be fully commensurate with the rest and effectively defend their interests. There will be a need for several Islamic integration poles - Shiites (with the center in Iran) and Sunnis, where, together with Indonesia and Pakistan in the east, a western Sunni bloc will probably be built around Turkey and some Arab countries such as Egypt or the Gulf States.And finally, in the multipolar world order, Russia will have the historical possibility of strengthening itself as an independent civilization that will see its power increase following the strong decline of the West and its internal geopolitical fragmentation. But, at the same time, this will also represent a challenge: before establishing itself fully as one of the most influential and powerful poles of the multipolar world, Russia will have to pass the test of maturity, preserving its unity and reaffirming its areas of influence in the Eurasian space. It is not yet clear where the southern and western borders of Russia-Eurasia will be post coronavirus. This will largely depend on what regime, what methods and efforts Russia will use to deal with the pandemic and what political consequences this will have. Moreover, it is impossible to predict with cognition the state of the other "great spaces" - the poles of the multipolar world. The establishment of the Russian perimeter will depend on many factors, some of which may prove to be rather acute and conflicting.Gradually, a multipolar settlement system will be formed - both based on a UN reformed under the conditions of multipolarity, and in the form of some new organization. Again, it will all depend on how the fight against coronavirus will unfold.The virus as a mission. Without pretense: the coronavirus pandemic represents a turning point in world history. Not only are stock indices and oil prices plummeting, the world order itself is also plummeting. We live in the period that marks the end of liberalism and its "obviousness" as a global meta-narrative, the end of its dispositions and standards. Human societies will soon become freely floating: no more dogmas, no more imperialism than the dollar, no more spells of the free market, no more dictatorship than the Fed or global stock exchanges, no more enslavement to the world media elite. Each pole will build its future on its civilization foundations. It is obviously impossible to say what this will look like or what it will bring. However,What neither ideologies, nor wars, nor bitter economic conflicts, nor terror, nor religious movements have been able to do, has been accomplished by an invisible but deadly virus. It brought with it death, suffering, horror, panic, pain ... but also the future.|0
Professor Honjo released a statement on 27 April saying: “In the wake of the pain, economic loss, and unprecedented global suffering caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, I am greatly saddened that my name and that of Kyoto University have been used to spread false accusations and misinformation.”Reports of this misinformation appeared as early as 22 April. In interviews and public statements made in the days before, at no point did Professor Honjo suggest the new coronavirus was unnatural.The false posts also claim incorrectly that Professor Honjo worked in the “Wuhan laboratory in China” for four years. Professor Honjo is currently the Deputy Director-General and Distinguished Professor at the Kyoto University Institute for Advanced Study (KUIAS). His biography on the KUIAS website shows no evidence that he spent four years teaching in Wuhan or China.|1
This April 16th, Dr. Luc Montagnier became a household name around the world. This occurred as the controversial virologist decided to publicly state his support for the theory that Covid-19 is indeed a laboratory-generated creation and not a naturally occurring effect of viral evolution.Referring to a study published at the Kusama School of Biology in New Dehli on January 31st, Montagnier (the 2008 Nobel Prize winner for his 1983 discovery of the HIV virus) made the point that the specific occurrence of HIV RNA viral segments spliced surgically within the COVID-19 genome could not have originated naturally and he described it in the following words:“We have carefully analyzed the description of the genome of this RNA virus. We weren’t the first, a group of Indian researchers tried to publish a study showing that the complete genome of this virus that has within the sequences of another virus: that of HIV.”While the Indian team was induced to retract their publication under immense pressure from the mainstream medical establishment (which never bothered to seriously refute the content of the study’s research but rather used the “random-mutation-makes-anything-possible” argument), Montagnier stated “scientific truth always emerges”.Not China: Montagnier Misdiagnoses the Culprit.Montagnier’s political ignorance became all too clear when he was asked who the culprit could possibly be.By asserting his belief that China’s BSL4 lab in Wuhan was the source, Montagnier has fallen into a trap set by Anglo-American Intelligence circles which have been promoting a military confrontation between the USA and China for a very long time.Now even though Montagnier denies that China released this virus with malicious intent (unlike many fanatical droves of neoconservatives currently itching for war), the “Wuhan Lab origin” hypothesis completely ignores the reality of the Pentagon’s globally extended 25 bioweapons laboratories which have openly created novel coronaviruses including varieties that arose in bats as journalist Whitney Webb’s remarkable February 2020 paper demonstrated.Even though a 2014-2017 temporary ban on “dual-use” funding was imposed onto America’s bioweapons research, nothing prevented this work from occurring internationally or even covertly within the 11 military labs on American soil itself and tied to the same Fort Detrick that was shut down in July 2019 under suspicious circumstances. As I pointed out in my previous paper The Project for a New American Century, 9/11 and Bioweapons, over $50 billion has been spent on bioweapons research since 2001 which the Project for a New American Century manifesto claimed would play a major role in the arsenal of 21st century warfare stating: “advanced forms of biological warfare that can “target” specific genotypes may transform biological warfare from the realm of terror to a politically useful tool”.Luc Montagnier’s Wave Therapy: Quackery or Brilliance?The most powerful aspect of Montagnier’s April 16th intervention into world politics in my view is not really found in his support for the laboratory-origins theory, but rather in the scientist’s often overlooked proposition for an international crash program in something called electromagnetic wave therapy. Rather than investing in vaccines, Montagnier has explained that it were much wiser for nations of the world to launch a crash project into a very different approach to viral treatments than is currently common in polite society saying:“I think we can make interference waves which are behind the RNA sequences that can eliminate those sequences with waves and consequently stop the pandemic”.Before brushing this off as “quackery” as so many are wont to do, one should keep in mind that President Trump himself has indicated his interest in Montagnier’s approach in his April 23rd briefing telling reporters:“Supposing we hit the body with a tremendous … whether it’s ultraviolet or just very powerful light. And I think you said that hasn’t been checked, but you are going to test it… And then I said supposing you brought the light inside the body, which you can do either through the skin or in some other way. And I think you said you are going to test it.”While Trump has been vilely attacked as “unscientific” for these utterances, it is only due to the vast ignorance of Montagnier’s incredible discoveries into the electromagnetic properties of life that such mockery can go unchallenged. Montagnier’s innovations into “bleaching therapy” which Trump referenced in the same speech are also much more complex than mainstream detractors assume and has nothing to do with simply “injecting”disinfectants into the blood stream. These therapies are highly interconnected with the electromagnetic waves emitted by certain types of bacteria which Montagnier has discovered to be the most likely driving mechanism to many of the diseases both chronic and acute plaguing humanity. More will be said on that below.What is Optical Biophysics and What did Montagnier Discover?Optical biophysics is the study of the electromagnetic properties of the physics of life. This means paying attention to the light emissions and absorption frequencies from cells, DNA, and molecules of organic matter, how these interface with water (making up over 75% of a human body) and moderated by the nested array of magnetic fields located on the quantum level and stretching up to the galactic level.Not to discount the bio-chemical nature of life which is hegemonic in the health science realm, the optical biophysician asks: which of these is PRIMARY in growth, replication, and division of labor of individual cells or entire species of organisms? Is it the chemical attributes of living matter or the electromagnetic properties?Let me explain the paradox a bit more.There are approximately 40 trillion highly differentiated cells in the average human body, each performing very specific functions and requiring an immense field of coherence and intercommunication. Every second approximately 10 million of those cells die, to be replaced by 10 million new cells being born. Many of those cells are made up of bacteria, and much of the DNA and RNA within those cells is made up of viruses (mostly dormant), but which can be activated/deactivated by a variety of methods both chemical and electromagnetic.Here’s the big question:HOW might this complex system be maintained by chemical processes alone- either over the course of a day, month or an entire lifetime?The simple physics of motion of enzymes which carry information in the body from one location to another simply doesn’t come close to accounting for the information coordination required among all parts. This is where Montagnier’s research comes in.After winning the 2008 Nobel Prize, Dr. Montagnier published a revolutionary yet heretical 2010 paper called “DNA Waves and Water” which took the medical community by storm. In this paper, Montagnier demonstrated how low frequency electromagnetic radiation within the radio wave part of the spectrum was emitted from bacterial and viral DNA and how said light was able to both organize water and transmit information! The results of his experiments were showcased wonderfully in this 8 min  video:Using a photo-amplifying device invented by Dr. Jacques Benveniste in the 1980s to capture the ultra low light emissions from cells, Montagnier filtered out all particles of bacterial DNA from a tube of water and discovered that the post-filtered solutions containing no material particles continued to emit ultra low frequency waves! This became more fascinating when Montagnier showed that under specific conditions of a 7 Hz background field (the same as the Schumann resonance which naturally occurs between the earth’s surface and the ionosphere), the non-emitting tube of water that had never received organic material could be induced to emit frequencies when placed in close proximity with the emitting tube! Even more interesting is that when base proteins, nucleotides and polymers (building blocks of DNA) were put into the pure water, near perfect clones of the original DNA were formed!Dr. Montagnier and his team hypothesized that the only way for this to happen was if the DNA’s blueprint was somehow imprinted into the very structure of water itself resulting in a form of “water memory” that had earlier been pioneered by Jacques Benveniste, the results of which are showcased in this incredible 2014 documentary “Water Memory”.Just as Benveniste suffered one of the most ugly witch hunts in modern times (led in large measure by Nature Magazine in 1988), Montagnier’s Nobel prize did not protect him from a similar fate as an international slander campaign has followed him over the past 10 years of his life. Nearly 40 Nobel prize winners have signed a petition denouncing Montagnier for his heresy and the great scientist was forced to even flee Europe to escape what he described as a culture of “intellectual terror”. In response to this slander, Montagnier stated to LaCroix magazine:  “I’m used to attacks from these academics who are just retired bureaucrats, closed off from all innovation. I have the scientific proofs of what I say”.Describing the greatest challenges to advancing this research, Montagnier stated:“We have chosen to work with the private sector because no funds could come from public institutions. The Benveniste case has made it so that anyone who takes an interest in the memory of water is considered… I mean it smells of sulphur. It’s Hell.”Casting Montagnier’s Research in a New Light.In a 2011 interview, Dr. Montagnier recapitulated the consequences of his discoveries:“The existence of a harmonic signal emanating from DNA can help to resolve long-standing questions about cell development, for example how the embryo is able to make its manifold transformations, as if guided by an external field. If DNA can communicate its essential information to water by radio frequency, then non-material structures will exist within the watery environment of the living organism, some of them hiding disease signals and others involved in the healthy development of the organism.”With these insights in mind, Montagnier has discovered that many of the frequencies of EM emissions from a wide variety of microbial DNA is also found in the blood plasmas of patients suffering from influenza A, Hepatitis C, and even many neurological diseases not commonly thought of as bacteria-influenced such as Parkinsons, Multiple Sclerosis, Rheumathoid Arthritis and Alzheimers. In recent years, Montagnier’s teams even found certain signals in the blood plasmas of people with autism and several varieties of cancers!Over a dozen French doctors have taken Montagnier’s ideas seriously enough to prescribe antibiotics to treat autism over the course of six years and in opposition to conventional theories, have found that amidst 240 patients treated, 4 out of 5 saw their symptoms either dramatically regress or disappear completely!These results imply again that certain hard-to-detect species of light emitting microbes are closer to the cause of these ills than the modern pharmaceutical industry would like to admit.A New Domain of Thinking: Why Big Pharma Should Be Afraid.As the filmed 2014 experiment demonstrated, Montagnier went even further to demonstrate that the frequencies of wave emissions within a filtrate located in a French laboratory can be recorded and emailed to another laboratory in Italy where that same harmonic recording was infused into tubes of non-emitting water causing the Italian tubes to slowly begin emitting signals! These DNA frequencies were then able to structure the Italian water tubes from the parent source a thousand miles away resulting in a 98% exact DNA replica!Standing as we are, on the cusp of so many exciting breakthroughs in medical science, we should ask: what could these results mean for the multi-billion dollar pharmaceutical industrial complex which relies on keeping the world locked into a practice of chemical drugs and vaccines?Speaking to this point, Montagnier stated:“The day that we admit that signals can have tangible effects, we will use them. From that moment on we will be able to treat patients with waves. Therefore it’s a new domain of medicine that people fear of course. Especially the pharmaceutical industry… one day we will be able to treat cancers using frequency waves.”Montagnier’s friend and collaborator Marc Henry a professor of Chemistry and Quantum Mechanics at the University of Strasbourg stated:“If we treat with frequencies and not with medicines it becomes extremely cost effective regarding the amount of money spent. We spend a lot of money to find the frequencies, but once they have been found, it costs nothing to treat.”Whether produced in a lab as Montagnier asserts or having appeared naturally as Nature Magazine asserts, the fact remains that the current coronavirus pandemic has accelerated a collapse of the world financial system and forced the leaders of the world to discuss the reality of a needed new paradigm and new world economic order. Whether that new system will be driven by Pharmaceutical cartels, and sociopathic bankers running global health policy for a technocratic elite of social engineers or whether it will be driven by nation states shaping the terms of that new system around human needs, remains to be seen.If nation states manage to stay in the driver’s seat of this new system, then it will have to be driven by certain fundamental principles of healthcare for all, science practice reform and broader political/economic reform whereby the sacredness of human life is placed above all considerations of monetary profit. In this light, such crash programs into long term projects in space science, asteroid defense, and Lunar/Mars development will be as necessary in the astrophysical domain as crash programs in fusion energy will be in the atomic domain. Uniting both worlds, is the domain of life sciences that intersects the electromagnetic properties of atoms, cells and DNA with the large scale electromagnetic properties of the Earth, Sun and galaxy as a whole.|0
With over 11,000 deaths and more than 100,000 cases of Covid-19, Italy is currently a country which feels under siege. But this is no impediment to the think tank racket twisting an offer of support for its propaganda purposes.Here's what happened. The weekend before last, Vladimir Putin called Italian Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte. During the conversation, Conte asked for help, in fighting coronavirus, according to the Kremlin readout which hasn't been contradicted by Italian officials.Let's be clear from the outset, there was undoubtably a strong PR, as well as practical, element to Russia's assistance. However, there were also advantages to Rome from this approach, as the move may have helped to concentrate a few minds among its traditional allies.Moscow sent teams of "doctors, protective gear and medical equipment" to the stricken country. The detail included 100 military virologists and epidemiologists, along with eight medical teams, according to Russian news outlets. Most importantly, it delivered 600 ventilators.A significant amount given Italy apparently had only about 5,000 of the devices. Indeed, a few days after the Putin/Conte call, the New York Times was writing about Italy's "ventilator crisis."There's usually nothing like a bit of Russian influence to jolt EU and NATO elites into action. As mentioned above, no doubt this was also part of Conte's reasoning. That said, it's also worth mentioning that some other Europeans states have tried to help the Italians. Germany and France, in particular, took patients and sent supplies, despite dealing with outbreaks of their own. Yet, many in Italy feel they haven't done enough.Putin was also surely thinking ahead to a post-coronavirus crisis time when Italians will remember who stood by them in their hour of need. Especially given Italy is now the third most powerful country in a European Union which has Russia under sanctions.Indeed as the Diplomatic Editor of BBC’s newsnight, Mark Urban, noted “Russia and China have sent help to Italy. You might argue it’s not huge in scale and given for political reasons. But when Italians remember this crisis and wonder what the US did for them at this hour of need…” Urban is a vocal Russia critic and hardly a Kremlin patsy.A few days after the aid landed, a campaign began on Twitter to discredit the Russian initiative. The first I saw of it was a tweet from Oliver Carroll, of London’s Independent newspaper, who presumably speaks Italian (I don’t, so I am relying on his translation).“Some Italians are expressing unease about Putin's Covid-19 emergency aid,” he wrote. “Acc(ording) to La Stampa, 80 percent of supplies (are) “useless," (and) sources worry about high-ranking military officers now in (the) country. Russian soldiers (are) free to roam (in) Italy a few steps away from NATO,” the paper stated.La Stampa says China sent masks (and) ventilators; (but) Russia sent irrelevant equipment used for bacteriological and chemical outbreaks,” Carroll added. “(There is a) belief that Russia … (is) not helping us only for great goodness of its people... now beginning to circulate in broad sectors, military and political.”The newspaper's report seemingly relied on the testimony of an anonymous source, who did not give their name. Thus, we have to take the author's word for it.However, the same day, Italy’s Ambassador to Moscow had a rather different point-of-view. “Pasquale Terracciano thanked Russia for its assistance in the fight against novel coronavirus, adding that the humanitarian aid to his country included about 600 medical ventilators,” reported the TASS news agency. It then quoted Terracciano as saying "it is very important that all this medical equipment includes 600 ventilators, which are critically important at this stage of the epidemic."Meanwhile, the President of Lombardy, Attilio Fontana, openly dismissed La Stampa’s report. "I say thanks to the Russians who sent us doctors and other people who can help with disinfection," he told an online press conference. Lombardy is the Italian region most affect by the Covid-19 crisis.“The Russian Federation has sent face masks, ventilators and medical staff and teams to disinfect public buildings and our cities,” Italian Foreign Minister Di Maio said. “They have helped in their own way in an act of solidarity.”As you can see, those entitled to speak for Italy seem to be pretty grateful for Moscow's aid. Nevertheless, predictably, 'Atlanticists' weren't happy. Despite the fact that Trump's America has been about as useful to Europe in this emergency as a wetsuit in the desert. Eto Buziashvili of NATO's Atlantic Council adjunct wrote on Twitter that "80% of the Covid-19 supplies supplies that Russia has sent to Italy are useless," citing La Stampa. Her Twitter biography, by the way, claims she's an expert in 'disinformation.'Next up was Olga Tokariuk, who writes for Atlantic Council as well as a Kiev-based news site, Hromadske, which is bankrolled by the local US embassy. "According to La Stampa sources in the Italian military, 80% of items they [the Russians] brought are useless," she tweeted. This was shared over 600 times."Italy recently reported that 80% of Russian aid against #Covid_19 is useless," wrote Dionis Cenusa. He also pens articles for, you guessed it, the Atlantic Council. His intervention was retweeted by more than 400 accounts. Also, note that he says "Italy recently reported," not La Stampa.I decided to ask Cenusa a perfectly reasonable question. "[Do] you think "Italy" is an anonymous commenter to a single newspaper, and that person (assuming they even exist) has more right to speak for Italy (even though they won't even give their name) than the ambassador to Moscow or the President of Lombardy. Yes? For real?"Rather than answer, his response was to block me. Which speaks volumes for how the think tank disinformation racket works.One of Atlantic Council's more high profile lobbyists, Michael Weiss, also joined in. The 'fellow' noted how "80% of Russian coronavirus aid to Italy is useless, apparently."What's most interesting here the fact that so many of the people pushing the disinformation are connected to the pro-NATO pressure group. Not to mention the fact that they used almost the same form of words. Was this coordination, or coincidence?Circling back to the original La Stampa piece, it seemed logical to check whether the reporter had any think tank links himself. Not surprisingly, it turns out Jacopo Iacoboni has also written for the Atlantic Council. He most notably assisted Alina Polyakova with a 2017 report dubbed 'The Kremlin's Trojan Horses.' This hit job smeared numerous Italian public figures — such as politician's Beppe Grillo and Matteo Salvini — as effectively operating as proxies for Moscow.Polyakova has since been appointed to run CEPA, a lobby firm, masquerading as a think tank. It's raison d'être to promote NATO's role in Eastern Europe. To this end, it's funded by American and British weapons manufacturers which have profited from the US-led alliance's expansion. It turns out Iacoboni's anti-Russia credentials are quite well known. Indeed, they have even been endorsed by the Intregity Initiative. In case you have forgotten, this was a British government funded undercover "information wars" effort which didn't stay secret for very long.The Integrity Initiative included him in its list of people in particular countries its organizers felt they could use to run anti-Russian coverage. This is not to imply Iacoboni knew he was he being considered by the British for such operations, but it does mean they regarded him as reliably anti-Russian. Which tells its own tale.The La Stampa story, based on anonymous sources, which may or may not be legitimate, was a curious intervention at a time when Italy is on its knees. It's quite instructive that the think tank crowd, most notably those from Atlantic Council who rarely show any interest in Italian affairs, jumped on it. As is the author's own association with the pro-NATO institution. Make of it what you will.|0
Men have higher levels than women of an enzyme central to COVID-19 infection, a new study reveals—which could help explain why men are more vulnerable to the novel coronavirus, Reuters reports.Angiotensin-converting enzyme 2, or ACE2—which helps the invasion of healthy cells—“is thought to play a crucial role in the progression of lung disorders related to COVID-19,” Adriaan Voors, the study’s leader, said in a European Society of Cardiology news release.The research—published today in European Heart Journal—was underway before the pandemic and did not include COVID-19 patients, and thus a direct link cannot be confirmed. However, when the team realized that ACE2 levels were higher in men than women, they wanted to highlight the overlap.The researchers also found that ACE inhibitors or angiotensin receptor blockers prescribed to heart failure patients did not fuel higher ACE2 levels in plasma—and therefore should not increase the COVID-19 risk. Recent research had flagged the drugs as a potential concern for cardiovascular patients.|1
Italy has decided NOT to treat their elderly for this virus!!!! That, my friends, is Socialized Healthcare!!!!|0
The complete clinical picture of COVID-19 is not fully known. Reported illnesses have ranged from very mild (including some people with no reported symptoms) to severe, including illness resulting in death. While information so far suggests that the majority of COVID-19 illnesses are mild, an early reportexternal icon out of China found serious illness in 16% of people who were infected.  A CDC Morbidity & Mortality Weekly Report that looked at severity of disease among COVID-19 patients in the United States by age group found that 80% of deaths were among adults 65 years and older, with the highest percentage of severe outcomes occurring in people 85 years and older. People with serious underlying medical conditions — like serious heart conditions, chronic lung disease, and diabetes, for example — also seem to be at higher risk of developing severe COVID-19 illness.|1
The COVID-2019 epidemic, which began in the Chinese city of Wuhan, managed to get out of China and spread throughout the world in two months. In mid-March, an article became popular in social networks according to which a dangerous strain was artificially created as part of a study of bat coronavirus by American scientists. The scientific work was written by a team of biologists back in 2015, on November 9 of the same year it was published on the scientific portal Nature.  Researchers studied the SHCo14 virus found in Chinese horseshoe bats. Scientists combined this strain with another - its name is SARS, and it causes a severe acute respiratory syndrome, or SARS. Further, the researchers “generated and characterized a chimeric virus that can <...> multiply in the primary cells of the human respiratory tract." In other words, biologists altered the coronavirus of bats so much that they got a strain that could infect a person - and the virus would cause severe pneumonia in him. Among the authors of the article are listed as researchers at the University of North Carolina, USA, and the Wuhan Virology Institute, China. In 2020, users of social networks read the old scientific material and they had suspicions about who is behind the COVID-2019 epidemic. If some people, having read the article, decided to share with subscribers the very fact of its existence, then others are already building theories. They are sure: the coronavirus epidemic is the work of the US government, and one of the goals of this diversion was to strike at its own citizens. On Russian-language Twitter, they also looked at the results of a study by scientists. Willy Wilmer, a German lawyer and politician, really believes that the coronavirus was brought to China by infected American soldiers who arrived in the country for sporting events. People agree with his version, and are ready to blame the United States for thousands of deaths. Some users are sure that there are only two countries that will repel the United States in the situation with coronavirus, although they do not yet say how they will do it. And someone was not at all surprised that the United States was considered the culprit of the pandemic. The comments did not answer the question, however, a military event was indeed held in China. The World War Games were held in Wuhan at the end of October 2019, probably Willy Wimmer referred to them. At least, a former member of the UN Commission on Biological and Chemical Weapons, Igor Nikulin,  interpreted the assumption of the German politician exactly and completely agree with him. Both politicians came to such conclusions not without reason. These thoughts were prompted by the representative of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of China Zhao Lijian, who also believes that COVID-2019 was brought into his country by the US military. Users who commented on a post about Willy Wimmer’s words and laboratory research in North Carolina 2015, are sure that Americans are really to blame for everything - and only because of their attitude to the rest of the world. But it was not difficult for other users to guess which television channel most commentators prefer to watch. And another commentator suggested that the reason for such hatred of people towards the USA is the refusal of medicines. Another commentator, who learned about the experiments in the laboratory of North Carolina, easily believed in the guilt of the States and even suggested what to do with this country. The news that the coronavirus reached the United States, this person is very happy. But there is an assumption that the United States came up with a coronavirus not only for China, but also for other countries. For each nationality - its own separate strain. In fact, while the virus, supposedly created in 2015, is being discussed only by politicians and scientists far from laboratories. Until now, specialists in the region have not published the results of comparisons of strains. Even before people learned about research in the North Carolina laboratory, they were building theories about where the coronavirus came from, and there was nothing to do with natural causes. In their research, the main suspects were God, Putin and the Marxist revolutionaries. There are other considerations in this regard. Before the coronavirus spread around the world and caused a pandemic, users of social networks began to speculate about who was behind it. Bill Gates and his wife came under fire from conspiracy theorists. |0
The coronavirus pandemic is exaggerated in order to turn countries into fascist hygiene dictatorships.No one is surprised why neither doctors in private practice nor the pneumological and intensive care units of our hospitals continue to report any worrying increase in serious respiratory diseases. No one wonders why throughout Europe, even in Italy and Spain, death rates are not soaring but are actually lower than in previous years. Hardly anyone listens to the well-founded, factual concerns of many doctors and scientists, who are alienated, even horrified, by the corona hype – and if they are, they seem to lack the courage to make a big deal out of what they have heard.What incompetent, expert, hyperactive governments worldwide are doing with disproportionate protection against epidemics is turning whole countries into prisons, liberal democracies into fascist hygiene dictatorships.The WHO has long been on the receiving end of the pharmaceutical industry, 85 percent of which is financed through grants from big pharmaceutical companies and related foundations, in particular the Gates Foundation.|0
Strokes occur when the brain's blood supply is interrupted, usually by a blood clot. Recently, there have been reports of a greater-than-expected number of younger patients being hospitalized for, and sometimes dying from, serious strokes. These strokes are happening in patients who test positive for coronavirus but who do not have any traditional risk factors for stroke. They tend to have no COVID-19 symptoms, or only mild symptoms. The type of stroke occurring in these patients typically occurs in much older patients.COVID-related strokes occur because of a bodywide increase in blood clot formation, which can damage any organ, not just the brain. A blood clot in the lungs is called pulmonary embolism and can cause shortness of breath, chest pain, or death; a blood clot in or near the heart can cause a heart attack; and blood clots in the kidneys can cause kidney damage requiring dialysis.We don't yet know if the coronavirus itself stimulates blood clots to form, or if they are a result of an overactive immune response to the virus.|1
When a virus passes from a nonhuman animal into a human, we call that moment of spillover a zoonotic transmission. It’s an ecological event. What happens next depends on evolutionary potential and chance. If the virus is adaptable, it may succeed in replicating and proliferating in the new human host. Maybe it kills the person and the line of transmission comes to an end there—as happens with rabies. But if the virus is even more adaptable, it may acquire the ability to pass from one human host to another, perhaps by sexual contact (as with HIV), perhaps in bodily fluids such as blood (as with Ebola), perhaps in respiratory droplets launched by coughing or sneezing (as with influenza or SARS). What makes a virus adaptable? The changeability of its genome, plus Darwinian natural selection. Those viruses with single-stranded RNA genomes, which replicate themselves inaccurately and therefore have highly changeable genomes, are among the most adaptable. Coronaviruses belong to that group.|1
For many, a COVID-19 vaccine can’t come soon enough, but vaccine opponents are already undermining “confidence in what could be humanity’s best chance to defeat the virus,” the AP reports.They’re spreading misinformation:Vaccine trials will be rushed.Anthony Fauci is in cahoots with vaccine makers seeking to profit off the tragedy, Bill Gates wants to use a vaccine to inject people with microchips or curb the population.They’ve also endorsed questionable treatments, stirred up fears about mandatory vaccinations, and aligned themselves with people resisting stay-at-home orders.“Myths and misinformation about vaccines are adding fuel to the fire,” said Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus in remarks Monday to mark World Immunization Week. He called out vaccine skeptics for spreading misinformation at a time when many children are already missing out on routine vaccines because of the pandemic.“It seems unimaginable that anyone would reject a coronavirus vaccine,” writes Alex Hartlage in an exclusive commentary for Global Health NOW. Yet, he notes, the last 2 decades, vaccine hesitancy has risen so substantially that “old enemies once thought conquered are returning.”Cultural amnesia is largely to blame, Hartlage writes. “Vaccines largely erased fear of these diseases from our collective American consciousness; along with it, our sense of appreciation ... Now, however, that fear has been rekindled.”He sees promising signs, though, that humans—once again "forced to grapple with our own human frailty,” will unite for the common good in a new era of social responsibility. |1
There is limited scientific evidence on the severity of illness in pregnant women after COVID-19 infection. It seems that pregnant women appear to experience similar clinical manifestations as non-pregnant women who have progressed to COVID-19 pneumonia and to date (as of 25 March), there have been no maternal deaths, no pregnancy losses and only one stillbirth reported. No current evidence suggests that infection with COVID-19 during pregnancy has a negative effect on the foetus. At present, there is no evidence of transmission of COVID-19 from mother to baby during pregnancy and only one confirmed COVID-19 neonatal case has been reported to date.ECDC will continue to monitor the emerging scientific literature on this question, and suggests that all pregnant women follow the same general precautions for the prevention of COVID-19, including regular handwashing, avoiding individuals who are sick, and self-isolating in case of any symptoms, while consulting a healthcare provider by telephone for advice.|1
Clinical manifestations of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) are rare or absent in children and adolescents; hence, early clinical detection is fundamental to prevent further spreading. We report three young patients presenting with chilblain-like lesions who were diagnosed with severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) infection. Two of them were asymptomatic and potentially contagious. Skin lesions, such as erythematous rashes, urticaria, and chicken pox-like vesicles, were reported in 18 (20·4%) of 88 patients with COVID-19 in a previous study.3 These symptoms developed at the onset of SARS-CoV-2 infection or during hospital stay and did not correlate with disease severity.3 In our cases, lesions involved the acral sites, especially the dorsum of the digits of the feet, beginning as erythematous-violaceous patches that slowly evolved to purpuric lesions and then to blisters and ulceronecrotic lesions, with final complete return to normal. Burning and itching were also present with some of the lesions. Informed consent was obtained from the parents of patients 1 and 2 and from patient 3 himself.Patient 1 was a 14-year-old boy who presented to the hospital with erythematous-violaceous lesions involving the dorsum of all digits of both feet. After 7 days, a few red macules and papules appeared on the lateral and plantar aspect of both feet and a small ulcer developed on the fifth digit of the left foot (figure). Because a family member had tested positive for SARS-CoV-2, the patient underwent nasopharyngeal swab and was found positive for SARS-CoV-2 on RT-PCR. The lesions disappeared in the following 7 days.Patient 2 was a 14-year-old boy with no known contact with COVID-19 cases who had been asymptomatic since the beginning of the skin disease, for which his parents requested a teledermatology consultation. Manifestations consisted of small erythematous-violaceous lesions on the dorsum of almost all digits of the feet, some of which were characterised by necrotic aspects with blackish crusts (appendix). The lesions lasted 20 days, with complete healing. Nasopharyngeal swab taken by the family's paediatrician 2 days after the skin manifestations appeared was positive for SARS-CoV-2.Patient 3 was an 18-year-old boy whose grandfather had COVID-19 pneumonia. After 2 days with fever (38·5°C), the boy reported the appearance of chilblain-like lesions involving the distal part of all digits of the feet (appendix). Skin manifestations remained unchanged for 10 days, suddenly disappearing without treatment. Nasopharyngeal swab taken 4 days after the skin manifestations appeared was positive. The patient was otherwise asymptomatic.Acute acro-ischaemic manifestations along the course of SARS-CoV-2 infection seem to be different from classic acrocyanosis, erythema pernio, and vasculitis; however, they could represent a cutaneous expression of the typical thrombotic pattern of COVID-19 due to hyperinflammation4 and altered coagulation and endothelial damage.During this time, children and adolescents with chilblain-like lesions who are otherwise asymptomatic should undergo SARS-CoV-2 testing, which could help early detection of silent carriers.|1
The Health Minister of Belgium has declared that she will forbid group sex activities, including more than three persons. The reason behind the decision is the highly contagious coronavirus.The minister had to act resolutely, as Belgium had a reputation of “the binge drinking and group sex capital of Europe”.The minister decided to forbid sexual acts, including three or more, as last week 500 people were taking part in a coronavirus party that turned into a mass orgy, and 380 of the participants caught the deadly infection.|0
For weeks, talking heads have been promoting the liability-free vaccine(s) that will save the world—so Bill Gates and Tony Fauci proclaim—from what Gates has now dubbed “Pandemic I.” As Microsoft News peddles self-congratulatory stories about the Gates Foundation’s reorientation of its priorities to devote “‘total attention’ to the pandemic,” Fauci—making the rounds of talk shows—pledges that a vaccine will make its debut in January 2021. Not to be outdone, the White House has now unveiled “Operation Warp Speed”—a joint pharmaceutical-government-military effort aimed at “substantially shrinking the development time for a vaccine”—and President Trump promises one by the end of the year.Planet-wide COVID-19 vaccination—the overt objective that has all of these players salivating in anticipation—ignores a number of irrefutable obstacles. For one, the RNA virus being targeted, SARS-CoV-2, already “has mutated into at least 30 different genetic variants.” The variants include 19 never seen before as well as “rare changes that scientists had never imagined could happen.” Knowledge about these mutations may prove useful to clinicians wanting to better tailor their COVID-19 treatments, but the proliferation of mutations makes the chances of developing an effective vaccine immensely more uncertain.Not to worry, say the entities funded by Gates (and also the Pentagon). Scientists working in the burgeoning field of synthetic biology are confident that they can “outdo” and outsmart nature using next-generation vaccine technologies such as gene transfer and self-assembling nanoparticles—along with invasive new vaccine delivery and record-keeping mechanisms such as smartphone-readable quantum dot tattoos. Does it matter that the researchers who have been experimenting with these approaches have never been able to overcome “nasty side effects”? Apparently not. Aided and abetted by the generous Gates and military funding, high-fanfare COVID-19 vaccine planning is proceeding apace.Researchers reiterated this point …  that for most emerging virus vaccines, the main obstacle is not the effectiveness of conventional approaches but the need for more rapid development and large-scale deployment.Speed, not safetyFrom a manufacturing standpoint, vaccine makers—and particularly those making viral vaccines—have long chafed at the limitations of traditional vaccine technologies, which rely on processes that necessarily entail “a considerable lag time between antigen production and vaccine delivery.” Researchers reiterated this point again in 2018, writing in Nature Reviews Drug Discovery that “for most emerging virus vaccines, the main obstacle is not the effectiveness of conventional approaches but the need for more rapid development and large-scale deployment.”In the 1980s, manufacturers were elated when scientists developed new genetic engineering techniques (recombinant DNA technology) that—through the use of “expression systems” (bacteria, yeast, insect cells, mammalian cells or plants such as tobacco)—made it possible to jumpstart vaccine production and produce so-called “subunit vaccines.” The hepatitis B vaccine was the first to employ this “entirely new” vaccine production approach, and a number of the COVID-19 vaccines currently in the works are deploying these techniques. However, a complicating factor of subunit vaccines is that they must be bundled with “immunopotentiating” adjuvants that tend to trigger an imbalanced immune response.Desirous of streamlining vaccine technology still further and enabling vaccine stockpiles in an even shorter time frame, researchers began tinkering in the mid-1990s with nucleic acid vaccines, which include DNA vaccines and messenger RNA (mRNA) vaccines. As a form of gene therapy, both represent a significant departure from classical vaccines. Whereas the latter introduce a vaccine antigen to produce an immune response, nucleic acid vaccines instead send the body instructions to produce the antigen itself. As one researcher explains, the nucleic acids “cause the cells to make pieces of the virus,” with the goal being that the immune system then “mounts a response to those pieces of the virus.”Researchers quickly learned that both the DNA and mRNA vaccine options have serious downsides, and as a result, vaccines of this type have never been licensed. Nonetheless, almost one-fourth (20/83) of the vaccines listed by the World Health Organization as COVID-19 “candidate vaccines” as of April 23—including two of the leading contenders—are DNA (Inovio) or mRNA (Moderna) vaccines (see table).DNA vaccines, by definition, come with the risk of integration of exogenous DNA into the host genome, which may cause severe mutagenesis and induced new diseases.DNA vaccinesDNA vaccines are intended to penetrate all the way into a cell’s nucleus. According to one biotech scientist, “This is an incredibly difficult task given that our nuclei have evolved to prevent any foreign DNA from entering (Think viruses!).” Not surprisingly, then, when some DNA vaccines made it into clinical trials in the late 2000s, they were plagued by “suboptimal potency.” Scientists then came up with the idea of solving this problem by augmenting vaccine delivery with “electroporation”—electric shocks applied to the vaccine site (using a “smart device”) to make cell membranes more permeable and force the DNA into the cells. The improvements in vaccine efficacy were significant enough that electroporation remains a key design feature of some COVID-19 vaccine candidates today, including the Moderna vaccine that is now speeding toward Phase 2 clinical trials.A second aspect of DNA vaccines—their gene-altering properties—is even more troubling and remains unresolved. DNA vaccines, by definition, come with the risk of “integration of exogenous DNA into the host genome, which may cause severe mutagenesis and induced new diseases.” Framed in more understandable terms, “disruption from DNA is like inserting a foreign ingredient in an existing recipe, which can change the resulting dish.” The permanent incorporation of synthetic genes into the recipient’s DNA essentially produces a genetically modified human being, with unknown long-term effects. Speaking of DNA gene therapy, one researcher has stated, “Genetic integrations using viral gene therapies . . . can have a devastating effect if the integration was placed in the wrong spot in [the] genome.” Discussing DNA vaccines specifically, the Harvard College Global Health Review elaborates:mRNA vaccines. Because mRNA vaccines are “particularly suited to speedy development,” it is perhaps unsurprising that they are attracting attention as the “coronavirus frontrunners.” mRNA vaccines can reportedly generate savings of “months or years to standardize and ramp up . . . mass production.” Making lemonade out of lemons, insiders casually state that “while no mRNA vaccine has ever been licensed, the threat of a pandemic is a great incentive to accelerate their progress.”Companies are enamored of the mRNA approach despite observations that the large mRNA molecules are “intrinsically unstable,” “prone to degradation” and may overactivate the immune system. On the plus side, from vaccine scientists’standpoint, mRNA vaccines need only reach the cell cytoplasm rather than the nucleus—an apparently “simpler technical challenge”—although the approach still demands “delivery technologies that can ensure stabilization of mRNA under physiological conditions.” Formulations such as Moderna’s mRNA-1273 vaccine tackle these challenges by using “chemical modifications to stabilize the mRNA” and liquid nanoparticles to “package it into an injectable form.”mRNA approaches seem to attract researchers with a highly mechanistic view of human beings. One such individual praises mRNA for its “inherent ‘programmability,” stating “Much like [a] computer [operating system], mRNA therapy can reprogram [one’s] body to produce its own therapies” [emphasis in original]. The CEO of Moderna describes mRNA approaches—which use “custom-built” strands of mRNA to “turn the body’s cells into ad hoc drug factories”—as being “like software: You can just turn the crank and get a lot of products going into development.” Likewise, the journal Nature (commenting on mRNA technology from “a biotech and industrial perspective”) enthuses that the approach “allows rapid refinement with almost limitless combinations of derivatives.”Vaccine researchers familiar with both DNA and mRNA vaccines like to play up mRNA vaccine safety, citing the fact that the vaccines do not have to penetrate the cell nucleus. However, with years of mRNA vaccine experimentation behind them, none of these researchers has yet achieved licensure. Why? One answer may be that in preclinical studies, mRNA vaccines have displayed an “intrinsic” inflammatory component that makes it difficult to establish an “acceptable risk/benefit profile.” mRNA enthusiasts admit that there is, as yet, an inadequate understanding of the inflammation and autoimmune reactions that may result. This raises many questions about what will happen if regulators grant the manufacturers of COVID-19 mRNA vaccines their wish for “a fast-track process to get mRNA vaccines to people sooner.”Racing toward profits.The hijacking of nearly all economic, social, artistic and religious activity by SARS-CoV-2 is disturbing on many levels, not least because of what it reveals about the public’s uncritical acceptance of official spin and its yearning for medical silver bullets. As a vaccine researcher at Sweden’s Karolinska Institute has stated:The rush to develop gene-tampering COVID-19 vaccines is also accelerating the conjoined-twins fusion of pharma and biotech. The lucrative biopharma sector is now the fastest-growing segment of the global drug industry, currently representing 20% of the worldwide market and displaying an annual growth rate that is more than double that of conventional pharma. And COVID-19 vaccines are helping rescue some biopharma companies’ shaky bottom lines. In 2017, for example, Moderna was struggling to “keep afloat its brash promise to reinvent medicine” after an experimental therapy that it was counting on proved too unsafe to test in humans. Fast forward to 2020, when “bad news about the coronavirus is good news for Moderna stock.” Other biopharma companies formerly on the skids are likewise poised to make record profits from COVID-19.As biopharma pursues its unfettered, medical-ethics-be-damned race toward a COVID-19 pot of gold, the public needs to take a critical look at the industry’s disincentives for safety and also take a firm stand against the horrifying prospect of coronavirus vaccine mandates. Otherwise, genetically engineered COVID-19 vaccines are likely to start permanently altering genes, triggering autoimmunity and serving as the catalyst for other vaccine injuries or deaths, and—unhampered by any legal liability—none of the commercial or government actors responsible will likely care.|0
On December 31, 2019, the World Health Organisation’s (WHO) China office heard the first reports of a previously-unknown virus behind a number of pneumonia cases in Wuhan, a city in Eastern China with a population of over 11 million.What started as an epidemic mainly limited to China has now become a truly global pandemic. There have now been over 3,766,394 confirmed cases and 263,983 deaths, according the John Hopkins University Covid-19 dashboard, which collates information from national and international health authorities. The disease has been detected in more than 200 countries and territories, with Italy, the US and Spain experiencing the most widespread outbreaks outside of China. In the UK, there have been 201,101 confirmed cases and 30,076 deaths as of May 5. The true number of infections and deaths is likely to be considerably higher.The Chinese government responded to the initial outbreak by placing Wuhan and nearby cities under a de-facto quarantine encompassing roughly 50 million people in Hubei province. This quarantine is now slowly being lifted, as authorities watch to see whether cases will rise again. The US is now the new epicentre of the Covid-19 outbreak. As of May 7, the country has 1,228,609 confirmed infections and 73m431 deaths. In Italy, where the death toll surpassed that of China on March 19, the government took the unprecedented step of extending a lockdown to the entire country, shutting cinemas, theatres, gyms, discos and pubs and banning funerals and weddings. In the UK, the government has shut schools, pubs, restaurants, bars, cafés and all non-essential shops for at least six weeks.On March 23, prime minister Boris Johnson put the UK under lockdown saying that police will now have the power to fine people who gather in groups of more than two or who are outside for non-essential reasons. People with the main coronavirus symptoms – a fever or dry cough – are required to stay at home for seven days while households in which at least one person is displaying symptoms should quarantine themselves for 14 days. Four days later the prime minister and health secretary Matt Hancock both tested positive for the virus – Johnson spent three nights in intensive care and then stayed at the prime minister's country residence, Chequers to recover. He returned to work at Downing Street on the morning of April 27.On March 11 the WHO officially declared the Covid-19 outbreak a pandemic. "WHO has been assessing this outbreak around the clock and we are deeply concerned both by the alarming levels of spread and severity, and by the alarming levels of inaction," said its director-general Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus. Although the WHO designated Covid-19 a "public health emergency of international concern" (PHEIC) on January 30, it had been reluctant to call it a pandemic. "Pandemic is not a word to use lightly or carelessly. It is a word that, if misused, can cause unreasonable fear, or unjustified acceptance that the fight is over, leading to unnecessary suffering and death," Adhanom said.A quick note on naming. Although popularly referred to as coronavirus, on February 11, the WHO announced the official name of the disease: Covid-19. The virus that causes that disease is called Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus 2, or Sars-CoV-2 for short.|1
COVID-19 is a fake, it’s a common and not deadly virus. All those deaths in Italy cannot be because of the coronavirus.It’s a political move to destroy small businesses and install deep state hegemony. US is adopting fascist measures to limit people’s freedom.|0
Today I joined Alex Jones in the InfoWars studios to record a bombshell special report. It’s entitled, “EMERGENCY REPORT: Coronavirus Is An Engineered Weapon For The Global Take-down Of The Western World.”You can watch it via this link at Banned.video or see the video embed below (also available soon via Brighteon.com).The completely unscripted video is about one hour in duration and delves into the globalist origins of the engineered coronavirus and how open borders policies and malicious negligence by the CDC are converging to create millions of infections and deaths in America as part of a globalist plot to destroy Trump and defeat America.Alex opens the special report with a 19-minute introduction that gives the big picture view of what’s happening. He then invites me on to explore issues like:Coronavirus pandemic projections for America.The SXSW cancellation and why it’s part of a psyop to spread fear on top of the legitimate concerns over the virus spread.Why President Trump is making an enormous mistake in trusting CDC, NIH and FDA advisors.How President Trump could stop this virus in its tracks and save America.The “China invasion” scenario and why China’s military will be the first in the world that’s immune to the coronavirus.How Hillary Clinton becomes president after Trump resigns under pressure following millions of deaths in America (one possible scenario we pray doesn’t happen).How Trump can protect America’s economy and prevent mass deaths by promoting anti-viral herbs, minerals and nutraceuticals that are available now and can substantially boost immune function across the population at large.Why Big Pharma is currently in control of Washington D.C. and is exploiting this pandemic to rake in billions for the drug and vaccine industries.Why globalist open borders policies were put in place before this biological weapon was released onto the world, making sure infected migrants carry the virus into Western Europe and the USA.How this pandemic achieves all the goals of the globalists: Depopulation, gun control, censorship, martial law, mandatory vaccines, destroying America,ending Trump and much more. (It’s the ultimate combo weapon system to attack the Western world and enslave humanity.)|0
“Viruses can live on surfaces and objects — including on money — although your chance of actually getting COVID-19 from cash is probably very low,” emergency room physician Dr. Leana Wen said.The new coronavirus can live for up to 72 hours on stainless steel and plastic, up to 24 hours after landing on cardboard, and up to four hours after landing on copper, according to a study funded by the US National Institutes of Health.So how do you protect yourself? Use contactless methods of payment whenever possible, Wen said.If you can’t use a contactless form of payment, credit cards and debit cards are much easier to clean and disinfect than cash. But remember that anyone who touches your credit card can also leave germs on it.If you must use cash, “wash your hands well with soap and water” afterward, Wen said. And since this is a respiratory virus, make sure you avoid touching your face.|1
More than one million people around the world are known to have recovered from coronavirus, according to Johns Hopkins University. But the road back to full health is not the same for everyone.Recovery time will depend on how sick you became in the first place. Some people will shrug off the illness quickly, but for others it could leave lasting problems.Age, gender and other health issues all increase the risk of becoming more seriously ill from Covid-19.Are ethnic minorities being hit hardest by coronavirus?How does coronavirus affect children?Coronavirus: What is the risk to men over 50?The more invasive the treatment you receive, and the longer it is performed, the longer recovery is likely to take.What if I have only mild symptoms?Most people who get Covid-19 will develop only the main symptoms - a cough or fever. But they could experience body aches, fatigue, sore throat and headache.The cough is initially dry, but some people will eventually start coughing up mucus containing dead lung cells killed by the virus.These symptoms are treated with bed rest, plenty of fluids and pain relief such as paracetamol.People with mild symptoms should make a good and speedy recovery.The fever should settle in less than a week, although the cough may linger. A World Health Organization (WHO) analysis of Chinese data says it takes two weeks on average to recover.What if I have more serious symptoms?The disease can become much more serious for some. This tends to happen about seven to 10 days into the infection.The transformation can be sudden. Breathing becomes difficult and the lungs get inflamed. This is because although the body's immune system is trying to fight back - it's actually overreacting and the body experiences collateral damage.Some people will need to be in hospital for oxygen therapy.GP Sarah Jarvis says: "The shortness of breath may take some considerable time to improve... the body is getting over scarring and inflammation."She says it could take two to eight weeks to recover, with tiredness lingering.What if I need intensive care?The WHO estimates one person in 20 will need intensive care treatment, which can include being sedated and put on a ventilator.It will take time to recover from any spell in an intensive or critical care unit (ICU), no matter what the illness. Patients are moved to a regular ward before going home.Dr Alison Pittard, Dean of the Faculty of Intensive Care Medicine, says it can take 12 to 18 months to get back to normal after any spell in critical care.Spending a long time in a hospital bed leads to muscle mass loss. Patients will be weak and muscle will take time to build up again. Some people will need physiotherapy to walk again.Because of what the body goes through in ICU, there's also the possibility of delirium and psychological disorders."There does seem to be an added element with this disease - viral fatigue is definitely a huge factor," says Paul Twose, critical care physiotherapist at Cardiff and Vale University Health Board.There have been reports from China and Italy of whole-body weakness, shortness of breath after any level of exertion, persistent coughing and irregular breathing. Plus needing a lot of sleep."We do know patients take a considerable period, potentially months, to recover."But it is hard to generalise. Some people spend relatively short periods in critical care, while others are ventilated for weeks.Will coronavirus affect my health long-term?We don't know for sure as there is no long-term data, but we can look at other conditions.Acute respiratory distress syndrome (called Ards) develops in patients whose immune systems go into overdrive, causing damage to the lungs."There is really good data that, even five years down the line, people can have ongoing physical and psychological difficulties," says Mr Twose.Dr James Gill, a GP and lecturer at Warwick Medical School, says people also need mental health support to improve recovery."You're finding breathing difficult, then the doctor says 'We need to put you on a ventilator. We need to put you to sleep. Do you want to say goodbye to your family?'."PTSD [post-traumatic stress disorder] in these most severe patients is not unsurprising. There will be significant psychological scars for many."There remains the possibility that even some mild cases may leave patients with long-term health problems - such as fatigue.How many people have recovered?Getting an accurate figure is difficult.As of 1 May, Johns Hopkins University reported more than 1,021,000 people had recovered out of 3.2 million people known to have been infected around the world.But countries use different recording methods. Some are not publishing recovery figures and many mild infections will be missed.Mathematical models have estimated between 99-99.5% of people recover.Can I catch Covid-19 again?There has been much speculation, but little evidence, on how durable any immunity is. If patients have successfully fought off the virus, they must have built up an immune response.Reports of patients being infected twice may just be down to tests incorrectly recording they were free of the virus.The immunity question is vital for understanding whether people can be reinfected and how effective any vaccine may be.|1
In 2019, a mysterious shipment sent from Canada to China was found to contain hidden coronavirus, which Chinese agents working at a Canadian laboratory reportedly stole, obviously without permission.Reports reveal that these Chinese agents were working undercover for the Chinese Biological Warfare Program, and may have infiltrated North America for the sole purpose of hijacking this deadly virus in order to unleash it at a later date.That unleashing could be the coronavirus outbreak that’s currently dominating media headlines – with as many as 44,000 people now infected – despite blame being assigned to contaminated food sold at the Huanan Seafood Market in Wuhan, China – and here’s why.It was back on June 13, 2012, when a 60-year-old man from Saudi Arabia was admitted to a private hospital in Jeddah with a seven-day affliction of fever, cough, expectoration and shortness of breath. The man had no known history of cardiopulmonary or renal disease, was on no medications, and didn’t smoke, and tests revealed that he had become infected with a previously unknown strain of coronavirus.However, tests could not reveal where the man had contracted coronavirus. So, Dr. Ali Mohamed Zaki, the Egyptian virologist who was caring for the man, contacted Ron Fouchier, a premier virologist at the Erasmus Medical Center (EMC) in Rotterdam, The Netherlands, for advice.Fouchier proceeded to sequence a sample of the virus sent to him by Dr. Zaki using a broad-spectrum “pan-coronavirus” real-time polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) method to distinguish it from other strains of coronavirus. He then sent it to Dr. Frank Plummer, the Scientific Director of Canada’s National Microbiology Laboratory (NML) in Winnipeg, on May 4, 2013, where it was replicated for assessment and diagnostic purposes.Scientists in Winnipeg proceeded to test this strain of coronavirus on animals to see which species could catch it. This research was done in conjunction with the Canadian Food Inspection Agency’s national lab, as well as with the National Centre for Foreign Animal Diseases, which is in the same complex as the National Microbiology Laboratory (NML).NML, it’s important to note, has long conducted tests with coronavirus, having isolated and provided the first genome sequence of the SARS coronavirus. This lab had also identified another type of coronavirus, known as NL63, back in 2004.Formerly respected scientist allowed multiple deadly viruses besides coronavirus to be shipped to China. Fast-forward to today, and the recent discovery of the mystery shipment containing coronavirus can be traced all the way back to these samples that were sent to Canada for analysis, suggesting that the current coronavirus outbreak was likely stolen as a bioweapon to be released for just such a time as this.According to reports, the shipment occurred back in March of 2019, which caused a major scandal with biowarfare experts who questioned why Canada was purportedly sending lethal viruses to China. It was later discovered in July that Chinese virologists had stolen. it, and were forcibly dispatched as a result.“The NML is Canada’s only level-4 facility and one of only a few in North America equipped to handle the world’s deadliest diseases, including Ebola, SARS, Coronavirus, etc.,” explains a report by Great Game India, as republished by Zero Hedge.“The NML scientist who was escorted out of the Canadian lab along with her husband, another biologist, and members of her research team is believed to be a Chinese Bio-Warfare agent Xiangguo Qiu,” it goes on to explain, adding that Qiu had served as head of the Vaccine Development and Antiviral Therapies Section of the Special Pathogens Program at Canada’s NML.A formerly respected scientist in China, Qiu began studying powerful viruses in 2006. In 2014, many of these viruses she studied, including not only coronavirus but also Machupo, Junin, Rift Valley Fever, Crimean-Congo Hemorrhagic Fever, and Hendra, all suddenly appeared in China as part of a massive hijacking.Be sure to read the full report at ZeroHedge.com.You can also keep up with the latest coronavirus news by visiting Outbreak.news.|0
There are the exam gloves, the surgical masks, the dubious supplements and the deceptive disinfectants. If unchecked Internet information is any guide, there’s an inexhaustible list of products you should buy to prepare for the spread of the coronavirus in the United States — which, according to U.S. health officials, was inevitable.But here’s the thing: The virus may be novel, but you really don’t need to buy anything new or special to brace for it. The Washington Post spoke to epidemiology experts, and they said the most important aspect of preparedness costs nothing at all — calm.There have been more than 1,000 confirmed cases of the virus in the United States and at least 31 deaths.Days ago, as health officials across the country began identifying new cases, a study indicated that the coronavirus had been circulating in Washington state for more than a month, possibly infecting scores of people. The preliminary research came as federal agencies announced steps to expand testing for the virus, which causes a highly infectious respiratory disease called covid-19.While the total number of U.S. cases is relatively low compared with China and, now, Italy, experts say it is still a good time for individuals, businesses, health-care systems and schools to reexamine their pandemic preparedness plans to make sure they’re ready.So here’s what doctors, researchers and the CDC say you can do now — and in the event of a future outbreak — to prepare and protect yourself.‘Don’t panic’How to prepare for coronavirus in the U.S.What does it mean to prepare for an outbreak?While there is no vaccine for covid-19, preventive steps and awareness are the best tools to prepare and protect yourself in the event of an outbreak.The Washington Post is providing this important information about the coronavirus for free. For more free coverage of the coronavirus pandemic, sign up for our daily Coronavirus Updates newsletter where all stories are free to read.There are the exam gloves, the surgical masks, the dubious supplements and the deceptive disinfectants. If unchecked Internet information is any guide, there’s an inexhaustible list of products you should buy to prepare for the spread of the coronavirus in the United States — which, according to U.S. health officials, was inevitable.But here’s the thing: The virus may be novel, but you really don’t need to buy anything new or special to brace for it. The Washington Post spoke to epidemiology experts, and they said the most important aspect of preparedness costs nothing at all — calm.There have been more than 1,000 confirmed cases of the virus in the United States and at least 31 deaths.Days ago, as health officials across the country began identifying new cases, a study indicated that the coronavirus had been circulating in Washington state for more than a month, possibly infecting scores of people. The preliminary research came as federal agencies announced steps to expand testing for the virus, which causes a highly infectious respiratory disease called covid-19.While the total number of U.S. cases is relatively low compared with China and, now, Italy, experts say it is still a good time for individuals, businesses, health-care systems and schools to reexamine their pandemic preparedness plans to make sure they’re ready.So here’s what doctors, researchers and the CDC say you can do now — and in the event of a future outbreak — to prepare and protect yourself.‘Don’t panic’.Timothy Brewer is a professor of epidemiology and medicine at UCLA’s Fielding School of Public Health and its David Geffen School of Medicine, yet his central piece of advice is not exactly medical.“Don’t panic,” he said. “There’s no value in panicking or telling people to be afraid. Don’t let fear and emotion drive the response to this virus. That can be extremely difficult because it is new, and we’re still learning about it, but don’t allow fear of what we don’t know about the virus to overwhelm what we do know.”Brewer said it’s important to remember that covid-19 is a respiratory disease, as is influenza, and while there’s not a vaccine for it, there are tried-and-true ways to deal with this type of illness — which we will cover here.The basics.A few minutes into a phone call with a reporter, Brewer paused, coughed and then explained himself. “I’m currently recovering from a non-covid respiratory virus,” he said.But the precautions he took when fighting his influenza-like illness are no different from what people should be doing every day to stave off coronavirus and other respiratory diseases, Brewer said.You have seen the guidance before: Wash your hands regularly. Cover your nose and mouth when you sneeze. And when you’re sick, stay home from work or school and drink lots of fluids. The CDC recommends washing with soap and water for at least 20 seconds after using the bathroom, before eating, and after blowing your nose or sneezing. It also advises not to touch your eyes, nose and mouth and to clean objects and surfaces you touch often — a common household cleaner will suffice.“These are all things you can do to prevent the spread of pretty much any respiratory virus,” Brewer said.And for the record, he added, he stayed home sick last week.“I practiced what I preached,” Brewer said.Don’t touch your face.It’s exactly what will make you sick, but it’s so hard to stop. A 2015 study found that we touch our face an average of two dozen times an hour, and 44 percent of that touching involves contact with eyes, nose or mouth.All that touching is risky. People are more likely to get the coronavirus by picking it up from a surface and touching their face than they are to breathe in droplets directly from someone who is infected, said William Sawyer, a family doctor in Sharonville, Ohio.“They will give it to themselves, not the person down the hall,” he said.Not touching your facial mucous membranes, an area known as the T-zone, is perhaps the most important step you can take to prevent an infection, said Sawyer.How do you stop? You have to “outsmart” your habit, said Elliot Berkman, a psychology professor at the University of Oregon who studies habits and behaviors. One way to do that quickly is to change something in your environment, he said. Wear something on your hands or face (not a mask if you’re not sick) that can serve as a cue, an interruption to an automatic action.If you have an urge to scratch, cover your finger with a tissue first, said Sawyer. Avoid touching your face with a bare hand, but also know that gloves can pick up germs just as easily.Keep the shopping cart lightYou probably don’t need to buy anything new, but if you’re already on your way to the drugstore, Brewer has some advice.“Don’t go crazy,” he said. “You don’t need to go out and stock up on lots of things.”And those surgical masks? The U.S. surgeon general has some words about those.“Seriously people- STOP BUYING MASKS!” Jerome M. Adams tweeted. “They are NOT effective in preventing general public from catching #Coronavirus, but if healthcare providers can’t get them to care for sick patients, it puts them and our communities at risk!”Brewer says masks are used to keep someone who is infected from spreading it to others. If you’re not sick, you don’t need to wear one, and if you do, it’s not preventing you from getting sick. Common surgical masks block the droplets coming out of a sick person from getting into the air, but they are not tight enough to prevent what’s already in the air from getting in.The CDC agrees, writing on its website, “CDC does not recommend that people who are well wear a face mask to protect themselves from respiratory diseases.”There are specialized masks — known as N95 masks because they filter out 95 percent of airborne particles — that are more effective, and many retailers have sold out of them. But there’s a problem: The masks are difficult to use without training. They must be fitted and tested to work properly.“If you just buy them at CVS, you’re not going to do all that,” Brewer said. “You’re not going to get it fit-tested, and you’re not going to be wearing it properly, so all you’ve done is spend a lot of money on a very fancy face mask.”The same goes for exam gloves, Brewer said, which can get contaminated just like our hands. There’s no need for them if you’re washing your hands properly and often, he said.If you’re itching to buy something, you can stick to the typical respiratory-virus medicine: decongestants, anti-inflammatory drugs and acetaminophen for fevers.‘Practice makes permanent’.“A lot of preparedness is planning ahead of time,” said Saskia V. Popescu, a senior infection-prevention epidemiologist for a Phoenix-based hospital system. “Practice makes permanent. If I have a plan, that means I don’t have to panic.”You should have a plan for child care, for getting to work and for feeding pets, she said. That’s good advice in general, she added, not just in the age of coronavirus.“This is a good reminder to go through your resources and your plans so that, should it get more serious, you are not taken off guard,” she said. “People think they need to go out and buy stuff, but so much of it is just having a plan.”Consider the kids.There is no evidence that children are more prone to contracting covid-19, according to the CDC. In fact, as The Post’s William Wan and Joel Achenbach reported, “one of the few mercies of the spreading coronavirus is that it leaves young children virtually untouched.”What few reports the CDC does have indicate symptoms in children look a lot like symptoms in adults: fever, runny nose and cough. But severe complications are uncommon in children.Even though their risk isn’t any higher than it is for adults, the coronavirus could spread rapidly between children simply because of the germ-intense nature of schools. The CDC recommends teaching your kids good preventive habits for all illnesses — make sure their vaccinations are up to date, including for influenza; wash hands frequently using soap and water or hand sanitizer; avoid people who are sick.Most important, if your child has any symptoms of illness, keep them home from school to prevent the spread of illness, whether it’s the coronavirus or not.Be mindful of where you are.Health officials have stressed keeping your distance from people who are sick, especially when it comes to respiratory viruses. It is worth considering limiting exposure to large groups, especially during flu season, and more and more institutions and jurisdictions are now mandating such social distancing.“Any congregation of people is a setup for spreading an infectious agent,” said Stanley Perlman, an infectious-disease expert at the University of Iowa.Most of us like to look at our smartphones and wear headphones, but in confined spaces, such as mass transit, it’s important to look around and see what’s going on, to see where everyone’s hands are going and make a mental note to wash up later.Popescu recommends avoiding the middle of a packed train car and doing your best to turn away if someone is coughing nearby.But awareness cuts both ways. While the United States is going to have more coronavirus cases, she said, it is important not to panic. “Just because someone has the sniffles or has a cough, it doesn’t mean they have the coronavirus,” she said. “There are a lot of respiratory viruses.”Watch what you read.Misinformation about coronavirus is spreading fast. Popescu and other experts call this an “infodemic,” and it can be as harmful as any disease. Hoaxes, lies and junk science about the coronavirus have swirled online since the earliest cases were reported, mostly through social media.“People are more click-susceptible during these events because there’s more info and people aren’t sure who to trust,” University of Washington researcher Jevin West told The Post this month.Look to trustworthy sources, such as the CDC, the World Health Organization and local health departments, to stay informed, Popescu said — not the anonymous user doling out advice in Twitter mentions.“It can be really easy to go online, buy supplies and freak out, and then just stay on Facebook,” she said. “But stay up to date.”Avoid drastic financial decisions.The frenzy over what the virus could mean for the global economy caused the worst weekly loss for stocks since the 2008 financial crisis. That was followed by one of the worst single days on Wall Street since the Great Recession.While some families might be concerned about money tied up in the market, making drastic decisions is unnecessary, according to Xi Chen, assistant professor of public and global health and economics at the Yale School of Public Health.“The key thing is how long [the stock plunge] can last,” he said. “If it’s short-term, it might not affect the supply chain.”Chen pointed to severe acute respiratory syndrome, better known as SARS, which affected 24 countries in Asia, Europe and North and South America in the early 2000s, as a time when the market suffered for about a quarter before recovering with very strong growth.Don’t forget the flu shot.The coronavirus includes flu-like symptoms, such as fever, cough and shortness of breath, according to the CDC. Getting a flu shot could ease people’s concerns about the new virus and also help health professionals, said Albert Ko, department chair and professor of epidemiology and medicine at the Yale School of Public Health.“The best thing people can do is get immunized for influenza to free up services for people who come in with coronavirus,” he said, noting that initial signs of illness for flu and coronavirus closely mirror each other. “When we’re testing people [for coronavirus], it reduces the noise about who has it.”Be kind.On college campuses, at a music conservatory, in Chinese restaurants, among the ranks of a famous dance troupe and on streets every day, Asians have reported a rise in aggression, micro and macro.As the coronavirus has spread, so has anti-Asian prejudice.The WHO has urged government agencies to do what they can to prevent discrimination against specific populations, since stigmatization can fuel the spread of the outbreak by driving marginalized individuals to hide infection and avoid seeking treatment.“Remember to not let fear override your common humanity about how you treat other people,” Brewer said. “Just remember we’re all in this together. This is a virus. It does not think. It is not planning. We shouldn’t be blaming our neighbors or our fellow colleagues or people in the community because a virus happens to exist and is spreading.”|1
Cooperation instead of competition, doesn’t occur in the west. It’s all profit-driven. With a number of different vaccines from different pharma giants coming on the market, who will tell the patient which one is the best, most suitable for the patient’s condition? It smells like an utter chaotic scam.The real question is – are vaccines – or a vaccine – even necessary?  Maybe – maybe not. The production of vaccines is pushed for profit motives and for an important political agenda for a New World Order – that has been planned to change human life as we know it, or thought we knew it.Vaccines don’t heal, they may prevent the virus from hitting as hard as it might otherwise do, or not at all, depending on the age, physical and health condition of a person. Worldwide statistics show that usually a person up to the age of 40 or 50, who is infected by the COVID-19, has none or only slight symptoms, nothing to worry about.|0
Two documents reprinted on each argue that there are reasons to think that 5G radiation is greatly stimulating the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and therefore, an important public health measure would be to shut down the 5G antennae and particularly the small cell 5G antennae in close proximity to our homes, schools, businesses, house of worship and hospitals.The first of these documents published by Miller et al., concerns the impact of 5G radiation on the immune system of the body and also suggests that 5G radiation may also increase the replication of the virus.  In both of these ways, 5G radiation may be expected to make the COVID-19 pandemic much worse.The second of these documents is my own and is derived from a larger document on 5G radiation effects.  It starts with the history of 5G in Wuhan, China, the epicenter of the COVID-19 epidemic.  Wuhan is China’s first 5G “smart city” and is the location of China’s first 5G highway where 5G radiation is being used to test self-driving vehicles.  Approximately 10,000 5G antennae were installed and activated in Wuhan in 2019, with approximately 75 to 80% of these installed and activated in the last 2 ½ months of the year.The epidemic was first detected near the beginning of that 2 ½ month period and became vastly more severe, with extremely large increases in numbers of cases and in deaths by the end of 2019.  That may, of course be coincidental.  South Korea, which became the site of the worst epidemic outside of China, has large numbers of 5G antennae all over the country.  The Milan area of Italy, the worst epicenter in Europe also is a 5G center.  And Seattle area, the worst area in the U.S. is also a major 5G area.  Reports predict that New York City will shortly become the largest epicenter in the US is another 5G site.  These non-Chinese epidemic areas are not discussed in my paper, but these findings are accurate.  Again, the locations of these epicenters in 5G areas may be coincidental.Electromagnetic fields, including the highly pulsed and therefore highly dangerous 5G millimeter wave radiation, act via activation of voltage-gated calcium channels (VGCCs) with VGCC activation producing five different effects, each of which have roles in stimulating the replication and spread of coronaviruses: Excessive intracellular calcium. Oxidative stress. NF-kappaB elevation. Inflammation. Apoptosis (programmed cell death).The predominant cause of death in the COVID-19 epidemic, is pneumonia and each of these five effects also have roles in pneumonia, such that each of them is predicted to greatly increase the percent of people dying death in this epidemic.  It seems highly plausible that 5G radiation is greatly increasing the spread of the epidemic and also the death rate in individuals that are infected.You may wish to consider all of this in conjunction with the broader findings with regard to the dangers of 5G and other effects apparently produced by 5G exposures.How then did we get to this state?  Many independent scientists, including myself, have argued that there should be no 5G rollout until there is extensive biological safety testing of genuine 5G radiation with all of its dangerous modulating pulses.  However the industry has refused to get independent 5G testing and the FCC and other regulatory agencies have refused to require such testing.  Furthermore, the EMF “safety guidelines” which are supposed to protect us from health impacts of EMF radiation have been shown, based on eight different types of highly repeated studies, to fail massively to predict biological effects. They therefore fail to predict safety [3].  It follows from this that all assurances of safety based on these “safety guidelines” are fraudulent.  Consequently, there is no evidence whatsoever of 5G safety and much evidence of lack of safety.It is my opinion, therefore, that 5G radiation is greatly stimulating the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and also the major cause of death, pneumonia and therefore, an important public health measure would be to shut down the 5G antennae, particularly the small cell 5G antennae in close proximity to our homes, schools, businesses, houses of worship and hospitals.  I will list some of my professional qualifications following the citations.The VGCC activation mechanism has been amazingly well accepted in the scientific literature.My first (2013) paper on it was placed on the Global Medical Discovery web site as one of the top medical papers of 2013.  That paper has been cited 255 times according to the Google Scholar database.  Most new scientific paradigms are only slowly accepted and this is much, much faster than usual. I have given 59 invited professional talks on this topic in 15 countries, including 4 prestigious keynote addresses.  I had been scheduled to give 1 more prestigious keynote address in April (has been postponed because of COVID-19). Two of my papers, my neuropsychiatric paper and my Wi-Fi paper, are each described by the publishing journal as being the most often downloaded paper in the history of each journal – stunning scientific  interest in both papers.My recent talks, one sponsored by the Dept. of Engineering and Applied Science at Queens University and the other at the World Congress on Physics in Berlin (where I was given a certificate of recognition) show together that both engineers and physicists are starting to realize the importance of this mechanism.|0
CDC officials required the student to be quarantined after she was airlifted to a nearby hospital. CDC officials say she exhibits every early sign of COVID-19.|0
There is no specific treatment or vaccine for this disease.Healthcare providers are mostly using a symptomatic approach, meaning they treat the symptoms rather than target the virus, and provide supportive care (e.g. oxygen therapy, fluid management) for infected persons, which can be highly effective.In severe and critically ill patients, a number of drugs are being tried to target the virus, but the use of these need to be more carefully assessed in randomised controlled trials. Several clinical trials are ongoing to assess their effectiveness but results are not yet available.As this is a new virus, no vaccine is currently available. Although work on a vaccine has already started by several research groups and pharmaceutical companies worldwide, it may be many months or even more than a year before a vaccine has been tested and is ready for use in humans.|1
During this period of social distancing, it is best to postpone nonurgent appointments with your doctor or dentist. These may include regular well visits or dental cleanings, as well as follow-up appointments to manage chronic conditions if your health has been relatively stable in the recent past. You should also postpone routine screening tests, such as a mammogram or PSA blood test, if you are at average risk of disease. Many doctor's offices have started restricting office visits to urgent matters only, so you may not have a choice in the matter.As an alternative, doctor's offices are increasingly providing telehealth services. This may mean appointments by phone call, or virtual visits using a video chat service. Ask to schedule a telehealth appointment with your doctor for a new or ongoing nonurgent matter. If, after speaking to you, your doctor would like to see you in person, he or she will let you know.What if your appointments are not urgent but also don't fall into the low-risk category? For example, if you have been advised to have periodic scans after cancer remission, if your doctor sees you regularly to monitor for a condition for which you're at increased risk, or if your treatment varies based on your most recent test results? In these and similar cases, call your doctor for advice.|1
The elite are behind the Corona Virus and other man-made deadly viruses. They will use those viruses to depopulate the world. They want to depopulate the world because they will be controlling the world. They already control America - the world is next.When they control the world they will control all resources - which includes the land you live on, coal, oil, natural gas, minerals, fresh water, and food; to name a few. The less people in the world - the less people to control and use up those resources.Overpopulation which is the same as depopulation is supported by Bill Gates.Former Microsoft CEO Bill Gates is part of the elite. Bill Gates supports and is an advocate of depopulation. The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation is instrumental in getting Africans and third world countries to accept vaccination. His foundation has sterilized thousands of women in Africa without their knowledge via vaccines.Bill Gates is a perfect vessel of Satan because he appears trustworthy. Bill Gates is far from being trusted... this devil conducted vaccination campaigns that crippled and killed countless people in third world countries; helped fund the development of GMO mosquitoes that can carry deadly viruses; had a Polio Vaccine Program which caused thousands of deaths. Bill Gates funded the PIRBRIGHT institute, which owns the patent on the Coronavirus.He uses his foundation as a front to push vaccination - convincing the masses to accept vaccination will fulfill the elite's agenda of depopulating the world via biological weapons.In order to make Ebola, Zika, Corona and other man-made viruses a global epidemic they must convince the masses to accept vaccination. A few people infected with these viruses will not be enough to make it an epidemic; therefore, they have to use "vaccination" as the scapegoat to get millions of people to accept a vaccine that will contain the virus.The "vaccine" will have small amounts of the virus in it. Doctors describe it as 'tricking' the body to fight the virus. The same method is used with the flu shot. The flu shot contains flu-virus particles in it.This deceptive method will allow these vessels of Satan to vaccinate people with a vaccine that contains the virus. This will allow the elite to hide their fingerprints on how so many people got infected, sick and died from Ebola, Zika, Corona and other man-made viruses. This deceptive method is not new; they used it before with Syphilis and AIDS in Africa.Most people will not believe that this is orchestrated and by design. That unbelief will be the reason millions of people will get vaccinated and fall into their trap of vaccination. It's a catch-22 - if you don't get vaccinated - you may get contaminated from someone who actually has the virus. If you get vaccinated you may instantly become infected because the vaccine might contain the full-blown virus.The elite are the fake Jews who control the U.S.A. What's sad is; there is nothing you can do about this. God will allow these fake Jews to carry out their agenda upon America and the world in order to judge the world. Many will say this is a conspiracy theory because they reject what Jesus said in Rev. 2:9/3:9.Trump is part of and a puppet of the elite - he knows the Coronavirus is part of the depopulation agenda. After Trump's removal from the Oval Office more chaos is planned by the elite... read it here >> wakeupeeps.atwebpages.com/elite.html — with Sabrina Robinson.|0
gargling with warm water that contains salt or vinegar will "eliminate the virus":|0
Runny nose and sputum are indeed symptoms of the common cold, but these same symptoms have been observed in some patients with COVID-19. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), “The most common symptoms of COVID-19 are fever, tiredness, and dry cough. Some patients may have aches and pains, nasal congestion, runny nose, sore throat, or diarrhea.” The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) adds “shortness of breath” to the list of most common COVID-19 symptoms.It’s also possible for a person to become infected with more than one virus at the same time, such as influenza A[1]. Therefore, the presence of symptoms that are more common to other infections absolutely does not indicate the absence of infection by SARS-CoV-2, the virus that causes COVID-19.It is unclear whether the video is referring to the Celsius (C) or Fahrenheit (F) temperature scale. However, considering that both temperatures are below the average temperature of the human body (37°C or 98.6°F), this statement is illogical. If it were true, people would not become infected with SARS-CoV-2 by simple virtue of having a higher body temperature than the virus could withstand.The WHO states in its “Myth busters” post: “You can catch COVID-19, no matter how sunny or hot the weather is. Countries with hot weather have reported cases of COVID-19.”There is indeed some evidence that the sun can destroy certain viruses[2] and bacteria[3] in the environment. However, there is currently no evidence that the sun has the same effect on SARS-CoV-2, as previously reported by PolitiFact. CDC physician and researcher Nancy Messionnier told PolitiFact that “’it’s premature to assume’ the heat and sunlight will temper the virus.” And even if it turns out to be true that the sun could deactivate the virus, the amount of time it would take for this to happen is unlikely to be instantaneous, leaving a window of opportunity for infection even from sun-exposed surfaces. That’s why it’s important to use proper handwashing technique, as described by the CDC, after touching communal surfaces outside your home. According to the WHO, “COVID-19 virus is primarily transmitted between people through respiratory droplets and contact routes. In an analysis of 75,465 COVID-19 cases in China, airborne transmission was not reported.”Droplets containing the virus cannot travel as far as airborne infectious particles. Therefore, the WHO recommends maintaining a minimum safe distance between self and others of three feet (1m), whereas the CDC recommends a distance of six feet (2m). The 10-foot distance recommended in the video may not be absolutely necessary, but it also couldn’t hurt.The two health organizations base their recommendations on this concept, stated by the WHO: “Droplet transmission occurs when a person is in close contact (within 1 m) with someone who has respiratory symptoms (e.g., coughing or sneezing) and is therefore at risk of having his/her mucosae (mouth and nose) or conjunctiva (eyes) exposed to potentially infective respiratory droplets. […] transmission of the COVID-19 virus can occur by direct contact with infected people and indirect contact with surfaces in the immediate environment or with objects used on the infected person (e.g., stethoscope or thermometer).”As of early April 2020, however, research has begun to emerge indicating that the virus might also be airborne:The virus causing COVID-19 has indeed been identified on different types of surfaces for hours or even days, as Health Feedback previously reported. But it remains unknown how long the virus remains infectious on these surfaces and how likely it is for a person to become infected by touching them. Therefore, again, it is important to follow the prevention guidelines listed above, which are provided by reputable health agencies such as the WHO and CDC.Handwashing for at least 20 seconds, or using hand sanitizer made of at least 60% alcohol when soap is not available, is an effective way to kill microbes on the skin. In the case of COVID-19, any soap will do because it destroys the lipid-based capsule that surrounds and protects the virus, leaving it exposed to degradation.Antibacterial soaps are not harmful, but are also not more effective than regular soap since viruses such as SARS-CoV-2 are not destroyed by antibacterial agents. Presumably, the claim meant to refer to antibacterial soap instead of “bacterial” soap. Health Feedback is not aware that such a product exists and it seems unlikely that one would ever be produced.normal laundry detergent will kill the virus on fabric. The CDC states: “In general, using a normal laundry detergent according to washing machine instructions and dry thoroughly using the warmest temperatures recommended on the clothing label.” The virus has been detected on fabric for as long as a day, as previously reported by Health Feedback, but it is still not known whether the virus remains infectious after this length of time.It is unknown how long SARS-CoV-2 can survive on skin. “It’s fair to say it stays long enough to spread from person to person,” said Mobeen H. Rathore, chief of pediatric infectious diseases and immunology at Wolfson Children’s Hospital of Jacksonville, Florida, to HuffPost.Again, because the virus’ survival on skin is unknown, it is important to follow the aforementioned handwashing guidelines.The virus does not always infect the throat first, as previously reported by Health Feedback. And there is no evidence to suggest that it remains isolated in one particular part of the body for any specific length of time. Furthermore, SARS-CoV-2 does not cause pneumonia in all infected individuals. In fact, as many as 25% of people will never experience any symptoms at all, but are still capable of passing the virus to others.High fever and shortness of breath are indeed possible, but not guaranteed, symptoms of COVID-19. Some individuals only realize they have contracted the disease after losing their sense of taste and smell without experiencing any other symptoms.Many physicians and hospitals are urging patients to not rush to the emergency room at the first sign of COVID-19 symptoms. Because if a person is experiencing only mild symptoms, they can be effectively treated at home without exposing other sick patients in the emergency room to contagion. Rather, many physicians recommend first calling their primary care doctor for advice. The CDC provides a handy “Coronavirus Self Checker” to help people evaluate their own symptoms and to determine when to seek appropriate medical care.It is true that by the time a person begins experiencing COVID-19 symptoms, the virus has already been spreading within the body for 1 to 14 days—the virus’ incubation period, as previously reported by Health Feedback. However, it is not “too late” to seek medical attention by the time symptoms appear.According to a 30 March study published in the Lancet[4], the case fatality rate for COVID-19—that is the proportion of deaths out of the total number of diagnosed cases—is only 1.4% averaged across all age groups. And when the researchers factored in their estimates of undiagnosed and asymptomatic cases, this rate fell to only 0.66%. Although death from COVID-19 infection is still much higher than that for influenza (0.1%), and mortality rates begin to rise steeply for individuals ages 60 and above, the chances of surviving infection for most individuals are quite good.The claim that the lung will have developed “50% fibrosis” by the time fever or cough develop, was previously debunked by Reuters, which cites an interview with Thomas Nash, an internist, pulmonologist, and infectious disease specialist at New York Presbyterian Hospital in New York City. Nash called the phrase a “non-medical concept.” He also pointed out that pulmonary (lung) “fibrosis takes months if not years to develop”, not the mere days mentioned in the claim.Holding your breath for 10 seconds is not a valid test for COVID-19. This claim has been debunked by Snopes and AFP Fact Check, among others.”Again, individuals concerned that they may have developed COVID-19 should consult their primary care physician for advice or refer to the CDC’s “Coronavirus Self Checker” to identify their symptoms and determine when to seek appropriate medical care.Drinking water frequently will not wash the virus away into the stomach where it will be destroyed by stomach acids. In fact, certain cells within the gastrointestinal tract possess the same ACE2 receptors that SARS-CoV-2 uses to target and infect cells of the respiratory tract. This claim was previously debunked by both the BBC and AAP FactCheck.In summary, most of the claims listed above regarding methods for diagnosing, treating, preventing, or curing COVID-19 are inaccurate. There is currently no effective cure or treatment for COVID-19, although many are being investigated in clinical trials. In the meantime, individuals should continue to follow the basic, well-tested precautionary measures such as frequent handwashing, disinfecting surfaces, avoiding touching the face, social distancing, and self-isolation when sick in order to prevent infection. And to seek medical advice from a trusted physician about when to seek treatment outside of the home.|1
extensive research, our findings show consuming alcoholic beverages may help to reduce the risk of infection by the novel coronavirus. vodka for drinking, cleaning and sanitizing. alcohol can ward off the virus|0
As the new coronavirus spreads across the globe, the chances that you will be exposed and get sick continue to increase. If you've been exposed to someone with COVID-19 or begin to experience symptoms of the disease, you may be asked to self-quarantine or self-isolate. What does that entail, and what can you do to prepare yourself for an extended stay at home? How soon after you're infected will you start to be contagious? And what can you do to prevent others in your household from getting sick? What are the symptoms of COVID-19? Some people infected with the virus have no symptoms. When the virus does cause symptoms, common ones include fever, dry cough, fatigue, loss of appetite, loss of smell, and body ache. In some people, COVID-19 causes more severe symptoms like high fever, severe cough, and shortness of breath, which often indicates pneumonia. People with COVID-19 are also experiencing neurological symptoms, gastrointestinal (GI) symptoms, or both. These may occur with or without respiratory symptoms. For example, COVID-19 affects brain function in some people. Specific neurological symptoms seen in people with COVID-19 include loss of smell, inability to taste, muscle weakness, tingling or numbness in the hands and feet, dizziness, confusion, delirium, seizures, and stroke. In addition, some people have gastrointestinal (GI) symptoms, such as loss of appetite, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, and abdominal pain or discomfort associated with COVID-19. These symptoms might start before other symptoms such as fever, body ache, and cough. The virus that causes COVID-19 has also been detected in stool, which reinforces the importance of hand washing after every visit to the bathroom and regularly disinfecting bathroom fixtures.What should I do if I think I or my child may have a COVID-19 infection?First call your doctor or pediatrician for advice.If you do not have a doctor and you are concerned that you or your child may have COVID-19, contact your local board of health. They can direct you to the best place for evaluation and treatment in your area.It's best to not seek medical care in an emergency department unless you have symptoms of severe illness. Severe symptoms include high or very low body temperature, shortness of breath, confusion, or feeling you might pass out. Call the emergency department ahead of time to let the staff know that you are coming, so they can be prepared for your arrival.How do I know if I have COVID-19 or the regular flu? COVID-19 often causes symptoms similar to those a person with a bad cold or the flu would experience. And like the flu, the symptoms can progress and become life-threatening. Your doctor is more likely to suspect coronavirus if:you have respiratory symptoms and you have been exposed to someone suspected of having COVID-19, or there has been community spread of the virus that causes COVID-19 in your area.How is someone tested for COVID-19?A specialized test must be done to confirm that a person has been infected with the virus that causes COVID-19. Most often a clinician takes a swab of your nose (or both your nose and throat). New methods of testing that can be done on site will become more available over the next few weeks. These new tests can provide results in as little as 15–45 minutes. Meanwhile, most tests will still be delivered to labs that have been approved to perform the test.Some people are starting to have a blood test to look for antibodies to the COVID-19 virus. Because the blood test for antibodies doesn't become positive until after an infected person improves, it is not useful as a diagnostic test at this time. Scientists are using this blood antibody test to identify potential plasma donors. The antibodies can be purified from the plasma and may help some very sick people get better.How reliable is the test for COVID-19?In the US, the most common test for the COVID-19 virus looks for viral RNA in a sample taken with a swab from a person's nose or throat. Tests results may come back in as little as 15–45 minutes for some of the newer on-site tests; with other tests you may wait three to four days for results. If a test result comes back positive, it is almost certain that the person is infected. A negative test result is less definite. An infected person could get a so-called "false negative" test result if the swab missed the virus, for example, or because of an inadequacy of the test itself. We also don't yet know at what point during the course of illness a test becomes positive. If you experience COVID-like symptoms and get a negative test result, there is no reason to repeat the test unless your symptoms get worse. If your symptoms do worsen, call your doctor or local or state healthcare department for guidance on further testing. You should also self-isolate at home. Wear a mask if you have one when interacting with members of your household. And practice social distancing. What is serologic (antibody) testing for COVID-19? What can it be used for? A serologic test is a blood test that looks for antibodies created by your immune system. There are many reasons you might make antibodies, the most important of which is to help fight infections. The serologic test for COVID-19 specifically looks for antibodies against the COVID-19 virus.Your body takes at least five to 10 days after you have acquired the infection to develop antibodies to this virus. For this reason, serologic tests are not sensitive enough to accurately diagnose an active COVID-19 infection, even in people with symptoms.However, serologic tests can help identify anyone who has recovered from coronavirus. This may include people who were not initially identified as having COVID-19 because they had no symptoms, had mild symptoms, chose not to get tested, had a false-negative test, or could not get tested for any reason. Serologic tests will provide a more accurate picture of how many people have been infected with, and recovered from, coronavirus, as well as the true fatality rate.Serologic tests may also provide information about whether people become immune to coronavirus once they've recovered and, if so, how long that immunity lasts. In time, these tests may be used to determine who can safely go back out into the community. Scientists can also study coronavirus antibodies to learn which parts of the coronavirus the immune system responds to, in turn giving them clues about which part of the virus to target in vaccines they are developing.Serological tests are starting to become available and are being developed by many private companies worldwide. However, the accuracy of these tests needs to be validated before widespread use in the US.How soon after I'm infected with the new coronavirus will I start to be contagious? The time from exposure to symptom onset (known as the incubation period) is thought to be 3 to 14 days, though symptoms typically appear within four or five days after exposure. We don't know the extent to which people who are not yet experiencing symptoms can infect others, but it's possible that people may be contagious for several days before they become symptomatic. For how long after I am infected will I continue to be contagious? At what point in my illness will I be most contagious?People are thought to be most contagious early in the course of their illness, when they are beginning to experience symptoms. The most recent research suggests that people may continue to shed the virus and be potentially contagious for up to eight days after they are feeling better. If I get sick with COVID-19, how long until I will feel better? It depends on how sick you get. Those with mild cases appear to recover within one to two weeks. With severe cases, recovery can take six weeks or more. According to the most recent estimates, about 1% of infected persons will succumb to the disease. How long after I start to feel better will be it be safe for me to go back out in public again?We don't know for certain. Based on the most recent research, people may continue to shed the virus and be potentially contagious for up to eight days after they are feeling better. But these results need to be verified. Until then, even after eight days of complete resolution of your symptoms, you should still take all precautions if you do need to go out in public, including wearing a mask, minimizing touching surfaces and keeping at least 6 feet of distance away from other people. What's the difference between self-isolation and self-quarantine, and who should consider them? Self-isolation is voluntary isolation at home by those who have or are likely to have COVID-19 and are experiencing mild symptoms of the disease (in contrast to those who are severely ill and may be isolated in a hospital). The purpose of self-isolation is to prevent spread of infection from an infected person to others who are not infected. If possible, the decision to isolate should be based on physician recommendation. If you have tested positive for COVID-19, you should self-isolate.You should strongly consider self-isolation if you have been tested for COVID-19 and are awaiting test results have been exposed to the new coronavirus and are experiencing symptoms consistent with COVID-19 (fever, cough, difficulty breathing), whether or not you have been tested.You may also consider self-isolation if you have symptoms consistent with COVID-19 (fever, cough, difficulty breathing) but have not had known exposure to the new coronavirus and have not been tested for the virus that causes COVID-19. In this case, it may be reasonable to isolate yourself until your symptoms fully resolve, or until you are able to be tested for COVID-19 and your test comes back negative. Self-quarantine for 14 days by anyone with a household member who has been infected, whether or not they themselves are infected, is the current recommendation of the White House task force. Otherwise, voluntary quarantine at home by those who may have been exposed to the COVID-19 virus but are not experiencing symptoms associated with COVID-19 (fever, cough, difficulty breathing). The purpose of self-quarantine (as with self-isolation) is to prevent the possible spread of COVID-19. When possible, the decision to quarantine should be based on physician recommendation. Self-quarantine is reasonable if you are not experiencing symptoms, but have been exposed to the COVID-19 virus.What does it really mean to self-isolate or self-quarantine? What should or shouldn't I do?If you are sick with COVID-19 or think you may be infected with the COVID-19 virus, it is important not to spread the infection to others while you recover. While home-isolation or home-quarantine may sound like a staycation, you should be prepared for a long period during which you might feel disconnected from others and anxious about your health and the health of your loved ones. Staying in touch with others by phone or online can be helpful to maintain social connections, ask for help, and update others on your condition.Here's what the CDC recommends to minimize the risk of spreading the infection to others in your home and community. Stay home except to get medical care. Do not go to work, school, or public areas. Avoid using public transportation, ride-sharing, or taxis. Call ahead before visiting your doctor. Call your doctor and tell them that you have or may have COVID-19. This will help the healthcare provider's office to take steps to keep other people from getting infected or exposed.Separate yourself from other people and animals in your home as much as possible, stay in a specific room and away from other people in your home. Use a separate bathroom, if available. Restrict contact with pets and other animals while you are sick with COVID-19, just like you would around other people. When possible, have another member of your household care for your animals while you are sick. If you must care for your pet or be around animals while you are sick, wash your hands before and after you interact with pets and wear a face mask. Wear a face mask if you are sick, Wear a face mask when you are around other people or pets and before you enter a doctor's office or hospital. Cover your coughs and sneezes. Cover your mouth and nose with a tissue when you cough or sneeze and throw used tissues in a lined trash can.Immediately wash your hands with soap and water for at least 20 seconds after you sneeze. If soap and water are not available, clean your hands with an alcohol-based hand sanitizer that contains at least 60% alcohol. Clean your hands often. Wash your hands often with soap and water for at least 20 seconds, especially after blowing your nose, coughing, or sneezing; going to the bathroom; and before eating or preparing food.If soap and water are not readily available, use an alcohol-based hand sanitizer with at least 60% alcohol, covering all surfaces of your hands and rubbing them together until they feel dry. Avoid touching your eyes, nose, and mouth with unwashed hands. Don't share personal household items. Do not share dishes, drinking glasses, cups, eating utensils, towels, or bedding with other people or pets in your home.After using these items, they should be washed thoroughly with soap and water. Clean all "high-touch" surfaces every day. High touch surfaces include counters, tabletops, doorknobs, bathroom fixtures, toilets, phones, keyboards, tablets, and bedside tables.Clean and disinfect areas that may have any bodily fluids on them. A list of products suitable for use against COVID-19 is available here. This list has been pre-approved by the US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) for use during the COVID-19 outbreak. Monitor your symptomsMonitor yourself for fever by taking your temperature twice a day and remain alert for cough or difficulty breathing.If you have not had symptoms and you begin to feel feverish or develop measured fever, cough, or difficulty breathing, immediately limit contact with others if you have not already done so. Call your doctor or local health department to determine whether you need a medical evaluation.Seek prompt medical attention if your illness is worsening, for example if you have difficulty breathing. Before going to a doctor's office or hospital, call your doctor and tell them that you have, or are being evaluated for, COVID-19.Put on a face mask before you enter a healthcare facility or any time you may come into contact with others. If you have a medical emergency and need to call 911, notify the dispatch personnel that you have or are being evaluated for COVID-19. If possible, put on a face mask before emergency medical services arrive.What types of medications and health supplies should I have on hand for an extended stay at home? Try to stock at least a 30-day supply of any needed prescriptions. If your insurance permits 90-day refills, that's even better. Make sure you also have over-the-counter medications and other health supplies on hand. Medical and health supplies, prescription medications,  prescribed medical supplies such as glucose and blood-pressure monitoring equipment, fever and pain medicine, such as acetaminophen, cough and cold medicines, antidiarrheal medication, thermometer, fluids with electrolytes, soap and alcohol-based hand sanitizer, tissues, toilet paper, disposable diapers, tampons, sanitary napkins, garbage bags. Should I keep extra food at home? What kind? Consider keeping a two-week to 30-day supply of nonperishable food at home. These items can also come in handy in other types of emergencies, such as power outages or snowstorms. canned meats, fruits, vegetables, and soups, frozen fruits, vegetables, and meat, protein or fruit bars, dry cereal, oatmeal, or granola, peanut butter or nuts, pasta, bread, rice, and other grains, canned beans, chicken broth, canned tomatoes, jarred pasta sauce, oil for cooking, flour, sugar, crackers, coffee, tea, shelf-stable milk, canned juices bottled water canned or jarred baby food and formula pet food household supplies like laundry detergent, dish soap, and household cleaner. When can I discontinue my self-quarantine? While many experts are recommending 14 days of self-quarantine for those who are concerned that they may be infected, the decision to discontinue these measures should be made on a case-by-case basis, in consultation with your doctor and state and local health departments. The decision will be based on the risk of infecting others. How can I protect myself while caring for someone that may have COVID-19? You should take many of the same precautions as you would if you were caring for someone with the flu:Stay in another room or be separated from the person as much as possible. Use a separate bedroom and bathroom, if available. Make sure that shared spaces in the home have good air flow. Turn on an air conditioner or open a window.Wash your hands often with soap and water for at least 20 seconds or use an alcohol-based hand sanitizer that contains 60 to 95% alcohol, covering all surfaces of your hands and rubbing them together until they feel dry. Use soap and water if your hands are visibly dirty.Avoid touching your eyes, nose, and mouth with unwashed hands.Extra precautions:You and the person should wear a face mask if you are in the same room.Wear a disposable face mask and gloves when you touch or have contact with the person's blood, stool, or body fluids, such as saliva, sputum, nasal mucus, vomit, urine.Throw out disposable face masks and gloves after using them. Do not reuse.First remove and throw away gloves. Then, immediately clean your hands with soap and water or alcohol-based hand sanitizer. Next, remove and throw away the face mask, and immediately clean your hands again with soap and water or alcohol-based hand sanitizer.Do not share household items such as dishes, drinking glasses, cups, eating utensils, towels, bedding, or other items with the person who is sick. After the person uses these items, wash them thoroughly.Clean all "high-touch" surfaces, such as counters, tabletops, doorknobs, bathroom fixtures, toilets, phones, keyboards, tablets, and bedside tables, every day. Also, clean any surfaces that may have blood, stool, or body fluids on them. Use a household cleaning spray or wipe.Wash laundry thoroughly.Immediately remove and wash clothes or bedding that have blood, stool, or body fluids on them.Wear disposable gloves while handling soiled items and keep soiled items away from your body. Clean your hands immediately after removing your gloves.Place all used disposable gloves, face masks, and other contaminated items in a lined container before disposing of them with other household waste. Clean your hands (with soap and water or an alcohol-based hand sanitizer) immediately after handling these items.My parents are older, which puts them at higher risk for COVID-19, and they don't live nearby. How can I help them if they get sick?Caring from a distance can be stressful. Start by talking to your parents about what they would need if they were to get sick. Put together a single list of emergency contacts for their (and your) reference, including doctors, family members, neighbors, and friends. Include contact information for their local public health department.You can also help them to plan ahead. For example, ask your parents to give their neighbors or friends a set of house keys. Have them stock up on prescription and over-the counter medications, health and emergency medical supplies, and nonperishable food and household supplies. Check in regularly by phone, Skype, or however you like to stay in touch.Can I infect my pet?There have not been reports of pets or other animals becoming sick with COVID-19, but the CDC still recommends that people sick with COVID-19 limit contact with animals until more information is known. If you must care for your pet or be around animals while you are sick, wash your hands before and after you interact with pets and wear a face mask.|1
Welcome to The Daily Wrap Up, a concise show dedicated to bringing you the most relevant independent news, as we see it, from the last 24 hours (5/2/19).As always, take the information discussed in the video below and research it for yourself, and come to your own conclusions. Anyone telling you what the truth is, or claiming they have the answer, is likely leading you astray, for one reason or another. Stay Vigilant.|0
A new documentary film by Epoch Times in collaboration with NTD (New Tang Dynasty Television), both based in New York, details additional concerning – and potentially horrifying – facts that the Wuhan coronavirus is a biological experiment that either escaped or was deliberately released (see at end of article). This comes as UK ministers are expressing doubt that the coronavirus originated from Wuhan’s Hunan Seafood market and rather insist that there is credible evidence it came from Wuhan’s lab, which also had U.S. funding.The documentary led by investigative reporter Joshua Philipp takes an in-depth look at the progression of the pandemic from January to April, and details how Shi Zhengli a virologist often called China’s “bat woman” altered studies throwing the world’s science community off the trail in order to support her claim that the Wuhan coronavirus virus (COVID-19) came from bats at the market. The film also dissects the virus in great detail exposing its spike (or S-proteins), which has layers of HIV included in it and its nucleoids, to the history of the Wuhan lab’s experiments on bats. Additional claims are made that China has covered up much of the earlier information about the virus, in some cases even ordering documents destroyed. The film by Philipp proves without a doubt, at least to this writer, that the virus is a biological escaped experiment.This is something that Activist Post has been raising as a strong possibility to readers, despite alternative press being attacked for claiming the virus displayed signs of being a biological weapon produced in a lab. Dr. Francis Boyle, a professor of international law at the University of Illinois College of Law, and the man who drafted the Biological Weapons Act of 1989, recently said in an explosive interview with Geopolitics and Empire that the coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan likely came from the BSL-4 lab in the city.Boyle stated in the interview that he believes the virus is potentially lethal and an offensive biological warfare weapon or dual-use biowarfare weapons agent genetically modified with function properties. Boyle also touched on a fact this reporter stated previously — how Chinese biowarfare agents working at the Canadian lab in Winnipeg were involved in the smuggling of coronavirus to Wuhan’s lab in July of last year.Recently, scientists have now admitted and found that the coronavirus kills the immune system by attacking T-cells; This alludes to a confirmation of earlier reports retracted by Indian scientists that ZeroHedge reported which stated COVID-19 SARS2 had four new sequences matching HIV inserted into its spike or S-proteins. Dr. Judy Mikovits a molecular biologist and former director at the lab of Antiviral Mechanisms NCI, makes the same argument in Epoch Times‘ film, stating that: “the virus is certainly not natural, given the S-proteins and E-proteins.”Mikovits isn’t the only molecular biologist speaking out; Czech Dr. Sona Pekova is also working on the tests for the virus and stated that it’s likely an escaped lab experiment due to the modified proteins.Ministers in UK are now no longer dismissing the theory that the coronavius pandemic erupted due to a biological experiment gone wrong, or a deliberate release, The Dailymail reported. “There is a credible alternative view [to the zoonotic theory] based on the nature of the virus. Perhaps it is no coincidence that there is that laboratory in Wuhan. It is not discounted.” Cobra the emergency committee led by recently infected recovering Borris Johnson, said.Even the Pentagon, which had previously flatly dismissed the possibility, now seems at least open to other considerations according to a recent statement cited by Defense One:“There’s a lot of rumor and speculation in a wide variety of media, blog sites, etc.,” (Joint Chiefs Chairman) Milley said. “It should be no surprise to you that we have taken a keen interest in that, and we have had a lot of intelligence take a hard look at that.”“At this point it’s inconclusive, although the weight of evidence seems to indicate natural, but we do not know for sure,” Milley said.The approximate £30 million Wuhan Institute of Virology, based ten miles from the infamous wet market, is supposed to be one of the most secure virology labs in the world. A second institute in the city, the Wuhan Center for Disease Control and Prevention – is barely three miles from the accused market – is also believed to have carried out experiments on animals such as bats to examine the transmission of coronaviruses. The Wuhan Institute of Virology was involved in carrying out research on bats from the Yunnan caves which scientists believe is the original source of the outbreak, Dailymail reported.Beyond that, it has now emerged that several U.S. state department cables warned of safety issues of the lab, Washington Post reported.WaPo reports that the U.S State Department received two cables from U.S. Embassy officials in 2018 warning of inadequate safety at a Wuhan, China biolab conducting “risky studies” on bat coronaviruses, according to the Washington Post, which notes that the cables have “fueled discussions inside the U.S. government about whether this or another Wuhan lab was the source of the virus.” Interestingly enough, this coincides with a warning that same year from a major U.S. government report from the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine which warned that advances in synthetic biology now allow scientists to have the capability to recreate dangerous viruses from scratch; make harmful bacteria more deadly; and modify common microbes so that they churn out lethal toxins once they enter the body.It has also emerged that Wuhan’s Virology Institute was funded for 3.7 million by the NIH (National Institutes of Health) headed by none other than Anthony Fauci. Results of the research were published in November 2017 under the headline: “Discovery of a rich gene pool of bat SARS-related coronaviruses provides new insights into the origin of SARS coronavirus.”This may explain why despite the virus has been claimed to be airborne and able to spread a now reported 13 feet. Regardless, the U.S. or any country has refused to say the virus may be an escaped lab experiment. The FBI also discussed several suspicious encounters where Chinese nationals were trying to smuggle viruses out of the U.S., including a coronavirus, as Activist Post reported.This doesn’t include the case in January, where the head of Harvard University’s chemistry department, Charles Lieber, was federally charged with failing to disclose funding from the Chinese government, after he hid his involvement in China’s “Thousand Talents Program,” along with Chinese nationals. It also doesn’t include an incident in a Canadian lab in Winnipeg where coronavirus samples were smuggled to Wuhan’s lab in July of last year by a couple. Typically, Canadian and U.S. authorities work hand in hand; in 2001 after the September 11 attacks the agency established a permanent presence in Ottawa, Canada for terrorism and cross-border related cases.The FBI’s report also specifically uses the words, “biosecurity risk” when describing China, which is typically used to refer to the intentional misuse of pathogens, such as for bioterrorism and biosafety, which covers accidental release according to the World Heath Organization.The Lancet medical journal published a study finding that many of the first cases of the novel coronavirus, including suspected patient zero, had no connection to the wet market, leading many including Boyle to speculate with abundant evidence listed above that the virus may have been a bio accident. Lancet also makes note that there are no bats sold at the Wuhan Seafood market, as the CDC themselves admitted. Many suspect “patient zero” was actually Shi Zhengli’s assistant Huang Yan Ling, who has gone missing and was suspiciously removed from the Wuhan Institute of Virology’s website as Laowhy86 noted in a YouTube video investigating the coronavirus’s origins entitled: “I Found The Source of the Coronavirus.”Zhengli has denied that Ling was patient zero, expressing it was “fake news” that her or any other researcher was infected. However, Chinese media has continued the investigation whether or not patient zero was Ling or another researcher. South Chinese scientists have raised concerns as well, expressing that there were two separate lab incidents with the coronavirus-infected bats, one spilling blood and the other spilling urine on lab workers, as Activist Post reported.Ironically, one of those South Chinese scientists was Xio Botao, a researcher who purportedly knew Ling and called her in his report “Patient Zero.”It is worth noting the lab was officially working with different strains of coronavirus, as well as other deadly illnesses like Ebola, beginning in 2018. This lab is just a few miles away from the Huanan wet market where the first case of the coronavirus is believed to have been transmitted.Even before the lab opened, scientists all over the world were voicing concerns about the potential dangers. An article was published in the prestigious science journal Nature in 2017, detailing the plans for the lab and sharing expert opinions about how a dangerous bug could leak from the facility. In fact, the SARS virus has escaped from high-level containment facilities in Beijing multiple times.Interestingly enough, in 2004, China punished five top officials of the Chinese Centre for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) for the outbreak of SARS. The investigation found that the release of the virus was due to the negligence of two CDC employees who were infected and was not deliberate, China Daily reported.ZeroHedge pointed out that a job post from the Wuhan Virology Institute on November 18th , 2019 asked for researchers to “use bats to research the molecular mechanism that allows Ebola and SARS-associated coronaviruses to lie dormant for a long time without causing diseases.”What was missed at the time by many of us is that the same job post board has another shocking post on December 24th 2019, which states the following:Long-term research on the pathogenic biology of bats carrying important viruses has confirmed the origin of bats for major human and animal infectious diseases such as SARS and SADS, and discovered and identified a large number of new viruses in bats and rodents.In 2015, the National Library of Medicine published a paper warning that a “SARS-like cluster of circulating bat coronavirus pose threat for human emergence.” That same year, Nature published an article warning that a hybrid lab-created version of a bat coronavirus — one related to the virus that causes SARS (severe acute respiratory syndrome) — could cause a possible pandemic.In 2020, another paper was published in Nature, which claimed that the Wuhan coronavirus is closely related to (CoVZC45 and CoVZXC21) sampled from bats from Zhoushan by the People Liberation Army of China. The E-protein shows 100% amino acid similarity, which, according to Mikovitz, proves it is not a natural virus. Further, she adds, the S-proteins show a similarity to the original SARS.According to the documentary by Epoch Times and NTD, the following research further illustrates the origins of the Wuhan coronavirus.On January 23, 2020 the Wuhan virus exploded. While Wuhan announced the lockdown of the city, Dr. Shi Zhengli of the Wuhan Institute of Virology, published a paper in the authoritative science journal, Nature on February 3, 2020 stating that the Wuhan coronavirus was of probable bat origin. The paper indicated that the Wuhan virus utilized the same key as SARS to gain entry into the human body. She also announced the 2019-nCoV genome sequence was 96.2% consistent with a bat coronavirus originating in Yunnan, China, called RaTG13, signaling a natural source of the Wuhan virus.Since the SARS outbreak in 2003, Shi Zhengli had been conducting research on coronaviruses. From 2010 onward, the focus of Shi and her team, was redirected to identifying the capacity for coronavirus transmission across species, specifically putting the spotlight on the S protein of the coronaviruses. Her team’s research in the Wuhan virology lab, has been looking into the part that can make coronaviruses transmittable to humans.In June, 2010, a team including Shi Zhengli, published a paper. It described research to understand the susceptibility of angiotensin converting enzyme 2 ACE-2 proteins, of different bat species to the S Protein of the SARS virus. In the experiments, they also modified key amino acid codons to mutate the bats ACE-2 to examine compatibility with the SARS S Protein. This paper demonstrated their awareness of the special relationship between the S Protein and the ACE-2 receptor. It also signified that Shi had unearthed the passageway for coronaviruses into human bodies.In October, 2013, Shi and her team published a paper in Nature. They claimed a breakthrough in coronavirus research. They successfully isolated three viruses from bats, one of which had a S Protein that integrated with human ACE-2 receptors. This effectively demonstrated the direct human infection of SARS-like viruses to humans, without the need of an intermediate host.Then in November, 2015, Shi and her team at the Wuhan virology lab once again published a paper. This time in the British journal, Nature Medicine. They discussed the creation of a synthetic virus, a self-replicating Chimeric virus. This virus had the SARS virus as the framework, with the key S protein replaced, by the one they had found in a bat coronavirus, she mentioned in her 2013 paper. This new virus demonstrated a powerful ability for cross-species infection.The mice infected with the synthetic virus revealed severe lung damage with no cure. This symbolized that Shi’s successful splicing of the SARS virus, was a key to open the door to the cross-species transmission. They planned to further experiment on primates, although Shi Zhengli did not indicate any conclusion from this research. Her move to research on primates wasn’t done without controversy. Shi’s experiments quickly triggered widespread debates from the academic community. Simon Wain-Hobson of the Pasteur Institute in France, expressed deep concerns. He told Nature, “If the new virus escaped, nobody could predict the trajectory. Propagation could happen anywhere.Symptoms of the coronavirus include a fever, cough, shortness of breath, and other breathing difficulties. However, according to Chinese state media, some are not experiencing any of these symptoms and are instead experiencing nausea, diarrhea, tiredness, bad concentration, headache, irregular heartbeat, chest pain, cornea inflammation, and muscular pains in the limbs, back, and waist. There are also emerging suspected symptoms; for example, French scientists have warned that COVID-19 may cause dermatological problems such as hives, painful red skin and a condition similar to frostbite.Best preventive measures include washing your hands, and avoiding public places where someone may be sick, according to the CDC.Since the virus outbreak was officially announced in January, scientists have found a multitude of everlasting damage caused to our bodies including but not limited to — heart problems, liver damage, kidney damage, brain damage, and lung damage. This has many scientists and doctors perplexed and worried about the coronavirus and its effects on our current and future health. British scientific advisers have even estimated the pandemic may be as much as 15 to 40 times worse than what China has said.According to a leaked audio recording by Epoch Times, a Chinese military expert who spoke to military medics revealed that in recovered patients, the immune system is totally destroyed and they could remain contagious. He added, “do not expect a vaccine, let me tell you. Do not expect there’ll be a vaccine. Those who talked about how vaccines can be developed are all charlatans. Those who have been infected will have a lot of trouble. (Now that it has spread far and wide,) what’s next, how it will develop later, no one has a clue. This virus, in fact, is how humans are going to self-destruct. There is absolutely nothing we can do about it.” However, he added, that the only solution is to “increase your own personal immunity.”Moreover, the South China Morning Post issued a new warning to lab technicians around the world. According to French scientists in a new (non-peer-reviewed) paper, they had to bring the temperature almost to a boiling point in order to kill the virus.Professor Remi Charrel and colleagues at the Aix-Marseille University in southern Franceheated the virus that causes Covid-19 to 60 degrees Celsius (140 Fahrenheit) for an hour and found that some strains were still able to replicate.China lied about SARS previously, which was a biological accident 3 out of the 4 times according to the World Health Organization. So, with all this evidence pointing back to China, using Occam’s razor we can determine that the virus more than likely leaked from Wuhan Institute of Virology, especially given the infectious spread infecting every country in the world in a matter of months.Ironically, and something you can take as predictive programming or a warning from Hollywood, the 2011 movie Contagion is about a bat coronavirus which escapes China and ravages the world without a cure according to IMDB.However, as Activist Post wrote while discussing the increase of a police surveillance state, measures being put into place now will likely remain long after the pandemic has stopped and the virus has run its course. That’s the everlasting effect that COVID-19 will have on our society. Essentially, we are entering COVID-1984. The coronavirus is now classified as a pandemic by the World Health Organization, and it may very well be a legitimate health concern for all of us around the world and the virus itself may be an escaped lab experiment as this article details. But it’s the government’s response that should worry us all more in the long run like increased phone surveillance and talking “pandemic drones.”You can watch the full investigative documentary by the Epoch Times and NTD entitled: “Tracking Down the Origin of the Wuhan Coronavirus” below.|0
WHO has most likely received orders from “above”, from those people who also manage Trump and the “leaders” (sic) of the European Union and her member countries, those who aim to control the world with force – the One World Order.|0
Dealing with daily stress, anxiety, and a range of other emotions. Perhaps you're older, worried that you may become infected and seriously ill. Maybe you're doing your best to keep your family healthy while trying to balance work with caring for your children while schools are closed. Or you're feeling isolated, separated from friends and loved ones during this period of social distancing.Regardless of your specific circumstances, it's likely that you're wondering how to cope with the stress, anxiety, and other feelings that are surfacing. A variety of stress management techniques, which we delve into below, can help.Webinar series: Regulating emotions & building resiliency in the face of a pandemic. This webinar series was created to support the students and staff of the Harvard Medical School community, yet the lessons will be broadly applicable to all who are feeling the emotional strain of this unprecedented crisis.Dr. Luana Marques, is an Associate Professor at Harvard Medical School's Department of Psychiatry and clinical researcher at Massachusetts General Hospital who specializes in treating anxiety and stress disorders. Dr. Marques focuses on the science of anxiety and the specific impact that the COVID-19 pandemic is having on our ability to manage stress. Using role plays and examples, she provides clear and accessible skills to help viewers manage their emotions during this very challenging time.The role of anxiety. In this video we focus on how to assess the level of our anxiety, and then we apply some of the concepts of CBT to a particular stressor that many people in our community are experiencing: adapting to the ever-changing timeline of how long we will need to practice social distancing and isolation.Slowing Down the BrainIn this video we focus on skills for reducing the flow of anxious thoughts, particularly as we consume massive amounts of frightening information about the COVID-19 crisis.Charging Up and Staying Connected. In this video we focus on the sense of loss that many of us are experiencing right now as a result of social distancing and how activating our brains and bodies can help us manage those emotions.Exploring Thoughts. In this video we focus on how to interrogate the catastrophic thoughts that many of us are having right now and we offer specific tips for parents who are looking for strategies to help support the emotional health of their children during this crisis.The GAD-7 is a tool that can be used to self-assess your level of anxiety. Your responses are completely anonymous and are intended solely for your own learning and reflection. If you'd like, you can complete this survey to tell Dr. Marques's team about your experiences and questions related to managing anxiety in the face of the COVID-19 pandemic. Your responses are completely anonymous and are intended solely to provide the team that produced this series with feedback and ideas that could be addressed in subsequent videos. Harvard Health Publishing will not be receiving or responding to survey responses.|1
Maybe it was a plan that went horribly wrong, something they could no longer control. Was the Corona virus or COVID-19 spread intentionally? What if this virus was used against China as a weapon of choice to destabilize China’s economy and push back against China’s growing influence? We don’t know for sure, but it is possible. Investigations are ongoing. Nothing has not been confirmed.But what has been confirmed is what history has taught us given the facts on how the use of biological warfare for various purposes, against many peoples and nations has been happening for some time. One of the most well-known incidents of biological warfare occurred in 1763, the British Empire had planned and successfully managed to spread smallpox virus to the Native Americans during the Pontiac Rebellion in Pennsylvania. Chief Pontiac of the Ottawa launched an attack on Fort Detroit, a British military base. Other nations joined the rebellion including the Senecas, the Hurons, Delawares, and Miamis. As the war raged, an Indian delegation asked the British to surrender, but they refused, however, the British offered gifts including food, alcohol and material items that included two blankets and a handkerchief from people who had smallpox. Although the American Indians had experienced the disease in the past, the idea was to spread the disease among the Native American populations in an attempt to push back the rebellion or to defeat it once and for all.Another example of biological warfare was when Imperial Japan before and during World War II had a bio-weapons program that managed to drop numerous bombs on a number of Chinese cities from airplanes killing an estimated 580,000 Chinese people with bombs that were made of infected fleas, some even contained cholera and shigella during the Sino-Japanese war between the 1930′s and 1940′s.In 1981, the CIA with help from U.S. military had launched an operation against Cuba by unleashing a strain of Dengue Fever also known as “hemorrhagic fever’ effecting more than 273,000 people killing 158 including 101 children. On September 6, 1981, The New York Times reported on Fidel Castro’s comments regarding the U.S. government in particularly, blaming the CIA for the outbreak when he said that”we urge the United States Government to define its policy in this field, to say whether the C.I.A. will or will not be authorized again- or has already been authorized – to organize attacks against leaders of the revolution and to use plagues against our plants, our animals and our people.”The report said that the“epidemic of dengue fever that has made 340,000 people ill and has killed about 150″ but the State Department under-then President Ronald Reagan stated that “Mr. Castro’s charges of possible United States involvement in the epidemic were ”totally without foundation.” The State department quickly blamed the Castro’s revolution as a failure:The Geopolitical Deployment of Biological Weapons.The Cuban Government has always tried to blame the United States for its failures and its internal problems,” the department said. ”The Cuban revolution is a failure, and it is obviously easier to blame external forces like the United States than to admit those failures”.Dr, Ronald St. John, chief of communicable diseases for the Pan American Health Organization was interviewed by the New York Times said that “for the first time, so-called dengue-2 spread to Cuba.” Dr. St. John claimed that it is common in Southeast Asia and that it produces.“the same symptoms as the other three” and that ”if you get a wave of dengue-1, dengue-3 or dengue-4 and then another wave of type 2, this is a bad combination.”Dengue-2 causes you too loose body fluids causing shocks that can lead to eventually death. Convenient for the CIA who saw it as an opportunity to cause panic on Cuba which is located in one of the most hot and humid regions in the world. However, The New York Times managed to downplay Cuba’s accusation’s by ending the story by blaming the spread of the disease on returning Cuban troops from Africa and other people from other parts of the Caribbean who might have brought Dengue fever into Cuba:Some State Department officials believe the introduction of dengue-2 into Cuba is a result of the return to Cuba of troops who had been stationed in Angola or elsewhere in Africa, where the strain is found. But Dr. St. John said dengue-2 had been found in other parts of the Caribbean and might have been carried to Cuba from there or elsewhere overseas.Reports suggested that Cuba had a very small number of cases in 1944, and again in 1977. The 1981 outbreak was blamed on covert flyover operations conducted by the CIA with military owned airplanes, you know, the same airplanes that were most probably used against Nicaragua’s Sandinistas to transport weapons and other materials to the Contras around the same time.Since the 20th century, the U.S. has been the leader in developing various biological and chemical weapons through the U.S. Army’s Biological Warfare Laboratories based at Fort Detrick, Maryland since the late 1940′s, around the start of the Cold War.The U.S. biological warfare program that supposedly ended in 1969 developed a handful of biological weapons ready for use including anthrax, Q-fever and botulism and conducted research in hopes of weaponizing diseases including smallpox, Hantavirus, Lassa fever, yellow fever, typhus, dengue fever and the bird flu among them.An article from August 6, 2019 on Fort Detrick from the UK’s ‘The Independent’ titled ‘Research into deadly viruses and biological weapons at US army lab shut down over fears they could escape’ last August. Ironically, Secretary of State and Neocon Mike Pompeo called it the “Wuhan virus” since they blame China for the outbreak, but it seems that the U.S. had its own problems when it comes to their own labs who conduct research with the most deadly viruses:America’s main biological warfare lab has been ordered to stop all research into the deadliest viruses and pathogens over fears contaminated waste could leak out of the facility. Fort Detrick, in Maryland, has been the epicentre of the US Army’s bioweapons research since the beginning of the Cold War. But last month the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) – the government’s public health body – stripped the base of its license to handle highly restricted “select agents”, which includes Ebola, smallpox and anthrax. The story was basically about the CDC who inspected Fort Detrick and found problems with new procedures used to decontaminate waste water. The article says that Fort Detrick continued its research for defensive purposes to “protect the warfighter from biological threats” although the U.S. declared that it abandoned their biological weapons program since 1969:Although the United States officially abandoned its biological weapons programme in 1969, Fort Detrick has continued defensive research into deadly pathogens on the list of “select agents”, including the Ebola virus, the organisms that cause the plague, and the highly toxic poison ricin. The army’s Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases, based at Fort Detrick, says its primary mission today is to “protect the warfighter from biological threats” but its scientists also investigate outbreaks of disease among civilians and other threats to public health. In recent years it has been involved in testing possible vaccines for Ebola, after several epidemics of the deadly virus in Africa.Sooner or later, the truth will come out. I believe that the U.S. government knows how COVID-19 began and where it was going. The U.S. government and major corporate arms manufacturers and the rest of the Military-Industrial Complex is no stranger to biological weapons adding to their arsenal of nuclear and chemical weapons at their disposal which makes them, much more dangerous. The truth about COVID-19 will eventually come out. In the meantime, as the COVID-19 pandemic continues, a war against Russia, China, Iran or Venezuela is in the works and a coming economic crisis with an election coming this November seems like 2020 will be the year of a perfect storm.|0
No, there is no more reason for people suffering from pollen allergy to self-isolate if they develop their typical hay-fever symptoms than for anyone else. They should continue following the general guidance for physical distancing and seek medical advice if their symptoms get worse, if they develop fever or progressive difficulty breathing.|1
Everyday Steps and Extra Steps When Someone Is Sick. How to clean and disinfect pump soap icon. Clean.Wear reusable or disposable gloves for routine cleaning and disinfection.Clean surfaces using soap and water, then use disinfectant.Cleaning with soap and water reduces number of germs, dirt and impurities on the surface. Disinfecting kills germs on surfaces.Practice routine cleaning of frequently touched surfaces. High touch surfaces include:Tables, doorknobs, light switches, countertops, handles, desks, phones, keyboards, toilets, faucets, sinks, etc.cleaning icon.Disinfect.Recommend use of EPA-registered household disinfectantexternal icon.Follow the instructions on the label to ensure safe and effective use of the product. Read EPA’s infographic on how to use these disinfectant productsexternal icon safely and effectively.Many products recommend:Keeping surface wet for a period of time (see product label).Precautions such as wearing gloves and making sure you have good ventilation during use of the product.Diluted household bleach solutions may also be used if appropriate for the surface.Check the label to see if your bleach is intended for disinfection, and ensure the product is not past its expiration date. Some bleaches, such as those designed for safe use on colored clothing or for whitening may not be suitable for disinfection.Unexpired household bleach will be effective against coronaviruses when properly diluted.Follow manufacturer’s instructions for application and proper ventilation. Never mix household bleach with ammonia or any other cleanser.Leave solution on the surface for at least 1 minute.To make a bleach solution, mix:5 tablespoons (1/3rd cup) bleach per gallon of water. OR.4 teaspoons bleach per quart of water.Bleach solutions will be effective for disinfection up to 24 hours.Alcohol solutions with at least 70% alcohol may also be used.Complete Disinfection Guidance.couch icon.Soft surfaces.For soft surfaces such as carpeted floor, rugs, and drapes.Clean the surface using soap and water or with cleaners appropriate for use on these surfaces.Launder items (if possible) according to the manufacturer’s instructions.Use the warmest appropriate water setting and dry items completely.OR.Disinfect with an EPA-registered household disinfectant. These disinfectantsexternal icon meet EPA’s criteria for use against COVID-19.Vacuum as usual. mobile icon.Electronics.For electronics, such as tablets, touch screens, keyboards, and remote controls.Consider putting a wipeable cover on electronics.Follow manufacturer’s instruction for cleaning and disinfecting.If no guidance, use alcohol-based wipes or sprays containing at least 70% alcohol. Dry surface thoroughly.washer icon.Laundry.For clothing, towels, linens and other items.Launder items according to the manufacturer’s instructions. Use the warmest appropriate water setting and dry items completely.Wear disposable gloves when handling dirty laundry from a person who is sick.Dirty laundry from a person who is sick can be washed with other people’s items.Do not shake dirty laundry.Clean and disinfect clothes hampers according to guidance above for surfaces.Remove gloves, and wash hands right away.hands wash icon.Clean hands often.Wash your hands often with soap and water for 20 seconds.Always wash immediately after removing gloves and after contact with a person who is sick.Hand sanitizer: If soap and water are not readily available and hands are not visibly dirty, use a hand sanitizer that contains at least 60% alcohol. However, if hands are visibly dirty, always wash hands with soap and water.Additional key times to clean hands include:After blowing one’s nose, coughing, or sneezing.After using the restroom.Before eating or preparing food.After contact with animals or pets.Before and after providing routine care for another person who needs assistance (e.g. a child).Avoid touching your eyes, nose, and mouth with unwashed hands.When someone is sick.bed icon.Bedroom and bathroom.Keep separate bedroom and bathroom for a person who is sick (if possible).The person who is sick should stay separated from other people in the home (as much as possible).If you have a separate bedroom and bathroom: Wear disposable gloves and only clean the area around the person who is sick when needed, such as when the area is soiled. This will help limit your contact with the person who is sick.Caregivers can provide personal cleaning supplies to the person who is sick (if appropriate). Supplies include tissues, paper towels, cleaners, and EPA-registered disinfectantsexternal icon. If they feel up to it, the person who is sick can clean their own space.If shared bathroom: The person who is sick should clean and disinfect after each use. If this is not possible, the caregiver should wait as long as possible before cleaning and disinfecting.See precautions for household members and caregivers for more information.food icon.Food.Stay separated: The person who is sick should eat (or be fed) in their room if possible.Wash dishes and utensils using disposable gloves and hot water: Handle any used dishes, cups/glasses, or silverware with gloves. Wash them with soap and hot water or in a dishwasher.Clean hands after taking off gloves or handling used items.trash icon.Trash.Dedicated, lined trash can: If possible, dedicate a lined trash can for the person who is sick. Use disposable gloves when removing garbage bags, and handling and disposing of trash. Wash hands afterwards.|1
Reinfection is always a possibility with a viral infection, particularly if you have a subclinical infection and don’t mount much of an immune response against it. Reinfection is also possible within the window after the first infection and before you develop antibodies. That window can vary from a couple of weeks to a few months, depending on how much your immune system was triggered.We’ve now got a good population of people who have recovered from the virus. Serum samples from those patients can allow us to time exactly when they begin to develop antibodies and when they develop sufficient titers and neutralizing antibodies. This will help us determine what the window is for protection.Before your immune system returns to normal, you can be infected by not just this virus, but by regular colds and flu. A couple of months may be a reasonable window of recovery, based on what we know right now.|1
Public health officials say the novel coronavirus is less deadly than SARS, which killed about 10 percent of people who were infected during the outbreak that began in 2002. But epidemiologists are still trying to determine exactly how deadly covid-19 is.Similar to other respiratory illnesses, older people and those with illnesses such as diabetes and high blood pressure are at increased risk. Data show that the virus is killing more men than women in the U.S.But, as with other diseases, there can be tremendous individual variation in how people respond. There will be people with known risk factors who recover as well as people who develop severe cases for reasons we don’t understand.There’s also no evidence that children are more prone to contracting covid-19, according to the CDC, and that was also the case with the disease′s cousins, SARS and MERS.|1
Technocrat scientists around the world are using CRISPR technology in top-secret labs to develop doomsday-type biological warfare weapons. The Wuhan Institute of Virology is such a center, and the most likely source of the coronavirus outbreak.TN does not endorse either GreatGameIndia or Dr. Francis Boyle, but the globalist censorship is notable and significant. For instance, the globalist publication, Foreign Policy, strongly refuted the “conspiracy theory” on January 29 with the headline, The Wuhan Virus Is Not a Lab-Made Bioweapon, and attacked GreatGameIndia and ZeroHedge in particular. ZeroHedge has been permanently banned from Twitter. In an explosive interview Dr. Francis Boyle, who drafted the Biological Weapons Act has given a detailed statement admitting that the 2019 Wuhan Coronavirus is an offensive Biological Warfare Weapon and that the World Health Organization (WHO) already knows about it.Francis Boyle is a professor of international law at the University of Illinois College of Law. He drafted the U.S. domestic implementing legislation for the Biological Weapons Convention, known as the Biological Weapons Anti-Terrorism Act of 1989, that was approved unanimously by both Houses of the U.S. Congress and signed into law by President George H.W. Bush.In an exclusive interview given to Geopolitics and Empire, Dr. Boyle discusses the coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan, China and the Biosafety Level 4 laboratory (BSL-4) from which he believes the infectious disease escaped. He believes the virus is potentially lethal and an offensive biological warfare weapon or dual-use biowarfare weapons agent genetically modified with gain of function properties, which is why the Chinese government originally tried to cover it up and is now taking drastic measures to contain it. The Wuhan BSL-4 lab is also a specially designated World Health Organization (WHO) research lab and Dr. Boyle contends that the WHO knows full well what is occurring.Dr. Boyle also touches upon GreatGameIndia‘s exclusive report Coronavirus Bioweapon – where we reported in detail how Chinese Biowarfare agents working at the Canadian lab in Winnipeg were involved in the smuggling of Coronavirus to Wuhan’s lab from where it is believed to have been leaked.Dr. Boyle’s position is in stark contrast to the mainstream media’s narrative of the virus being originated from the seafood market, which is increasingly being questioned by many experts.Recently, American Senator Tom Cotton of Arkansas also dismantled the mainstream media’s claim on Thursday that pinned the coronavirus outbreak on a market selling dead and live animals.In a video accompanying his post, Cotton explained that the Wuhan wet market (which Cotton incorrectly referred to as a seafood market) has been shown by experts to not be the source of the deadly contagion.Cotton referenced a Lancet study which showed that many of the first cases of the novel coronavirus, including patient zero, had no connection to the wet market — devastatingly undermining mainstream media’s claim.“As one epidemiologist said: ‘That virus went into the seafood market before it came out of the seafood market.’ We still don’t know where it originated,” Cotton said.“I would note that Wuhan also has China’s only bio-safety level four super laboratory that works with the world’s most deadly pathogens to include, yes, coronavirus.”Such concerns have also been raised by J.R. Nyquist, the well known author of the books “Origins of the Fourth World War” and “The Fool and His Enemy,” as well as co-author of “The New Tactics of Global War”. In his insightful article he published secret speechs given to high-level Communist Party cadres by Chinese Defense Minister Gen. Chi Haotian explaining a long-range plan for ensuring a Chinese national renaissance – the catalyst for which would be China’s secret plan to weaponiz viruses.Nyquist gave three different data points for making his case in analyzing Coronavirus. He writes:The third data point worth considering: the journal GreatGameIndia has published a piece titled “Coronavirus Bioweapon – How China Stole Coronavirus From Canada And Weaponized It.”|0
The Coronavirus is a highly infectious disease. Everyone is responsible for reducing the spread and must take simple precautions. You must protect yourself and those around you. All EU Member States are affected by the Coronavirus outbreak. You can find information specific to your country by consulting the national Coronavirus response websites. The Commission’s top priorities are safeguarding the health and well-being of our citizens and using all of the tools at its disposal. This is why it is taking all necessary steps to coordinate with Member States and to facilitate the supply of protective and medical equipment across Europe. Public procurement of medical and protective equipment. Personal protective equipment – masks, gloves, goggles, face-shields, and overalls – as well as medical ventilators and testing kits are vital for hospitals, healthcare professionals, patients, field workers and civil protection authorities. The voluntary Joint Procurement Agreement with Member States (and the United Kingdom and Norway) enables the joint purchase of such equipment and supplies. The Commission launched four different calls for tender for medical equipment and supplies on 28 February (gloves and surgical gowns), 17 March (personal protective equipment for eye and respiratory protection, as well as medical ventilators and respiratory equipment), and 19 March (laboratory equipment, including testing kits) - with participation of up to 25 Member States. These initiatives are proving successful. In response to the first call, the Commission has received offers that can match the requests. Evaluations have finished and contracts are expected to be signed in the coming weeks.  The equipment should then be available in the Member States shortly. When conducting joint procurements, the European Commission has a coordinating role, while the Member States purchase the goods. Guidance on using the public procurement framework On 1 April, the European Commission published guidance on how to use all the flexibilities offered by the EU public procurement framework in the emergency situation related to the coronavirus outbreak. The guidance provides an overview of the tendering procedures available to public buyers, applicable deadlines, and examples of how public buyers could find alternative solutions and ways of engaging with the market to supply much needed medical supplies. This guidance makes it easier for public buyers to supply vital protective equipment and medical supplies to those in need, by making it easier to conduct public procurements while still upholding high safety and quality standards. Increasing European production capacities To address the Coronavirus outbreak, manufacturers in Europe and the European Commission must collaborate to massively ramp-up overall production of personal protective equipment, the Commission and the European Standardisation Organisations agreed on 20 March that all the relevant European harmonised standards will exceptionally be made freely and fully available for all interested companies. This action will help both EU and third-country companies to manufacture these items without compromising on our health and safety standards and without undue delays. On 24 March, the Commission adopted decisions on revised harmonised standards that will allow manufacturers to place on the market high performing devices to protect patients, health care professionals and citizens in general. The revised standards play a pivotal role because they relate to critical devices such as medical facemasks, surgical drapes, gowns and suits, washer-disinfectors or sterilization. The harmonised standards will cover equipment such as medical facemasks, personal eye protection, medical gloves, protective clothing as well as respiratory protective devices. On 30 March, the Commission announced that it will be making guidance  available in three areas to assist manufacturers in increasing the output of essential medical equipment and material: the production personal protective equipment such as masks, leave-on hand cleaners and hand disinfectants and 3D printing. Guidance on medical devices in the Coronavirus context was published on 3 April. These documents can assist manufacturers and market surveillance authorities in ensuring that these products are effective and comply with necessary safety standards. Stockpiling and distributing supplies and equipment On 19 March, as an additional safety net, the Commission proposed creating a strategic rescEU stockpiling – a common European reserve -  of medical equipment such as ventilators, personal protective equipment, reusable masks, vaccines and therapeutics and laboratory supplies. The Commission will finance 90% of the costs of the stockpiling and will manage the distribution of the equipment to ensure it goes where it is needed most. Export authorisations Already on 15 March, the Commission took steps to secure the availability of personal protective equipment, by requiring exports of such equipment destined for outside the European Union to be subject to an export authorisation by Member States. On 19 March, the Commission approved guidance (accompanied by an annex) on how to implement these measures. As a result, almost all Member States have lifted by now national export restrictions and the protective equipment can be delivered seamlessly across the Union to where it is most needed. The Commission has decided to exempt Norway, Iceland, Liechtenstein and Switzerland (countries part of the European Free Trade Association) from the export authorisation requirements. Similar exemptions have been granted to Andorra, the Faroe Islands, San Marino and the Vatican, as well as the associated countries and territories that have special relations with Denmark, France, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom (so-called Annex II countries). Supporting Member States in need The European Commission’s Emergency Response Coordination Centre plays a key role in relief efforts and stands ready 24/7 to assist all countries, in Europe and beyond, that request specific support. This can take the form of co-financing of transport of assistance, including personal protective equipment and other support such as the provision of expertise. EU Solidarity for Health Initiative On 2 April, the European Commission launched the EU Solidarity for Health Initiative, aimed at directly supporting the healthcare systems of EU Member States in combating the coronavirus pandemic. This initiative will provide for around €6 billion to cater for the needs of European health systems. Half of the amount will come from what is left of the EU budget, with the other half coming from additional contributions requested from Member States. The initiative will enable the Commission to purchase emergency support on behalf of Member States and distribute medical supplies, financially support and coordinate transportation of medical equipment and of patients, support the recruitment of additional healthcare workforce and support the construction of mobile field hospitals. A European Team of Coronavirus experts On 17 March, the European Commission set up an advisory panel on Coronavirus composed of seven expert epidemiologists and virologists from several Member States to formulate science-based EU response guidelines and coordinate risk management measures. The panel, which was created following a mandate by EU Member States, is chaired by Commission President, Ursula von der Leyen and Stella Kyriakides, Commissioner for health and food safety. The panel’s agenda and summaries of meetings are available under the ‘meetings tab’ here. Based on the scientific advice of the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control, and the COVID-19 advisory panel, the European Commission published first recommendations for Community measures, for testing strategies on 19 March, and on Health Systems Resilience on 30 March.|1
As China attempts to contain the spread of a new coronavirus that has left more than 100 people dead, rumors and disinformation have spread amid the scramble for answers.Some of the speculation has centered on a virology institute in Wuhan, the city where the outbreak began. One fringe theory holds that the disaster could be the accidental result of biological weapons research.But in conversations with The Washington Post, experts rejected the idea that the virus could be man-made.“Based on the virus genome and properties there is no indication whatsoever that it was an engineered virus,” said Richard Ebright, a professor of chemical biology at Rutgers University.Tim Trevan, a biological safety expert based in Maryland, said most countries had largely abandoned their bioweapons research after years of work proved fruitless.“The vast majority of new, nasty diseases ... come from nature,” he said.The British newspaper Daily Mail was among the first to suggest the possibility of a link between the newly spreading virus and the Wuhan National Biosafety Laboratory, reporting last week that the lab, which opened in 2014 and is part of the Wuhan Institute of Virology, had been the subject of safety concerns in the past.A separate article published by the Washington Times, a conservative newspaper in Washington, took the theories a step further, suggesting in a headline that the “Coronavirus may have originated in lab linked to China’s biowarfare program” and pointing to the Wuhan Institute of Virology.The article cited research by Dany Shoham, a former Israeli military intelligence officer, who told The Post he did not want to comment further.Despite little public evidence, the theory has spread widely on social media, to conspiracy theory websites and in some international news outlets.The Wuhan National Biosafety Laboratory is a “Cellular Level Biosafety Level 4” facility, which means it has a high level of operational security and is authorized to work on dangerous pathogens, including Ebola.Those entering the level 4 lab use airlocks and protective suits. Waste, and even air, is heavily filtered and cleaned before leaving the facility.Milton Leitenberg, an expert on chemical weapons at the University of Maryland, said he and other analysts around the world had discussed the possibility that weapons development at the Wuhan lab could have led to the coronavirus outbreak in a private email chain but that no one had found convincing evidence to support the theory.“Of course, if they are doing bioweaponry, it is covert,” Leitenberg said in a phone call, but added it was unlikely the Chinese government would use such a facility for production or even research and development of bioweapons.The Wuhan lab is well-known and it is relatively open compared with other Chinese institutes: It has strong ties to the Galveston National Laboratory at the University of Texas Medical Branch and was developed with the aid of French engineers.“Wuhan Institute of Virology is a world-class research institution that does world-class research in virology and immunology,” Ebright said, noting that one specialty of the facility was researching coronaviruses transmitted by bats.Trevan, who was quoted in a 2017 article in Nature that warned of possible risks at the Wuhan facility that was cited by the Daily Mail, said in a phone call to The Post that he was concerned at the time about how to “manage risk in these complex systems when you cannot predict all the ways in which the system could fail.”A former British diplomat and political adviser to the United Nations, he said he had not followed affairs at the facility closely since 2017 and was not aware of any specific problems there, but that he doubted the coronavirus outbreak could have come from a weapons program.An annual State Department report released last year said China had engaged “in biological activities with potential dual-use applications.”Elsa Kania, a fellow at the Center for a New American Security, said that while Chinese officials had expressed public interest in the potential weaponization of biotechnology, a coronavirus would not be a useful weapon.“Hypothetically, a bioweapon would be designed to be highly targeted in its effects, whereas since its outbreak the coronavirus is already on track to become widespread in China and worldwide,” she said.Vipin Narang, a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, wrote in a message on Twitter that a good bioweapon “in theory has high lethality but low, not [high], communicability” and that spreading such ideas would be “incredibly irresponsible.”After the 2014 Ebola outbreak, fringe news outlets suggested spuriously that the U.S. Department of Defense had manufactured the virus. In the Soviet Union, military labs did look into whether the virus could be used as a weapon but ultimately abandoned those hopes.The speculation may be linked to uncertainty over where the ongoing novel coronavirus outbreak originated. Some scientists initially suspected a seafood market in Wuhan may have been the starting point, but a study by Chinese researchers and published in the Lancet on Friday questioned that analysis.Late Tuesday, Hu Xijin, editor of the nationalistic Global Times newspaper, wrote that a conspiracy theory had emerged in China that the United States was responsible for the outbreak. “Their logic: Why always China?” Hu wrote on Twitter. “But most Chinese don’t believe it.”|1
Every virology lab in the world that has run a genomic analysis of the coronavirus now knows that the coronavirus was engineered by human scientists. The proof is in the virus itself: The tools for genetic insertion are still present as remnants in the genetic code. Since these unique gene sequences don’t occur by random chance, they’re proof that this virus was engineered by scientists in a lab. But the WHO and CDC are covering up this inconvenient fact in order to protect communist China and its biological weapons program, since no government wants the public to know the full truth about how frequently government-run labs experience outbreaks. Decades ago, for example, the U.S. Army ran an Ebola bioweapons lab in the United States, where a monkey infected one of the scientists there. The strain turned out to be infectious only in monkeys, not humans, so the world dodged a bullet, but the U.S. Army “nuked” the entire facility with chemical bombs, killing all the monkeys and wiping out any last remnant of the virus on U.S. soil. You can read the full details of that incident in the book The Hot Zone by Richard Preston. We’ve also covered it at NaturalNews.com, where this book description is reprinted: In 1989, Reston, VA — one of the most famous U.S. planned communities located about 10 miles from Washington DC — stood at the epicenter of a potential biological disaster. This well-known story was narrated by Richard Preston in a bone chilling account related to the recognition and containment of a devastating tropical filovirus at a monkey facility — the Reston Primate. That outbreak occurred because Ebola was found to be spreading through the air ducts, confirming that Ebola can spread through the air. This simple fact was vigorously covered up by the entire medical establishment during the Ebola scare in the United States many years later, where the CDC transported an infected patient to a hospital in Dallas, subsequently infecting a nurse who was treated with highly toxic chemicals that caused permanent kidney damage (she later sued the hospital for the damage she suffered). The reason this is relevant is because in order to understand the coronavirus situation in China, we must first realize that virology research labs routinely experience lapses in containment. Even the United States has failed to contain deadly viral strains when trying to study them. China’s BSL-4 labs have experienced multiple accidental releases of SARS strains, and this new coronavirus is now confirmed to be an engineered strain that was either used in bioweapons research or vaccine experiments. The genomic coding in the virus is not natural, in other words. Just as you would never encounter a snake in the desert that’s writing a book containing words and grammatical structure, the genetic sequences now identified in the coronavirus strain are, without question, proof that human engineers have been tinkering with the strain. How to genetically engineer viruses: the pShuttle vectorOne of the tools used to accomplish this genetic engineering is called pShuttle. It’s a genetic tool set that can carry a payload of genes to be inserted into the target virus. Researchers engaged in genetic engineering can purchase the pShuttle sequence from online retailers such as AddGenes.org, which sells the sequence for shipped in “bacteria as agar stab.” $75, shipped in “bacteria as agar stab.” virus. the strain. grammatical Quarantine Unit. That outbreak occurred because EbolaThe method for using pShuttle is described in a PubMed document entitled, “A simplified system for generating recombinant adenoviruses.” The summary of the paper describes, “a strategy that simplifies the generation and production of such viruses.” Here’s how the process works to achieve genetic engineering of viruses: A recombinant adenoviral plasmid is generated with a minimum of enzymatic manipulations, using homologous recombination in bacteria rather than in eukaryotic cells. After transfections of such plasmids into a mammalian packaging cell line, viral production is conveniently followed with the aid of green fluorescent protein, encoded by a gene incorporated into the viral backbone. Homogeneous viruses can be obtained from this procedure without plaque During this process, of course, the pShuttle leaves behind unique code, a “fingerprint” of the genetic modification. It is this fingerprint that has now been identified in the coronavirus. As revealed by genomics researcher James Lyons-Weiler in this bombshell analysis article, the pShuttle genetic code is found in the coronavirus that’s circulating in the wild. This is proof that the virus has been engineered by human scientists. “IPAK researchers found a sequence similarity between a pShuttle-SN He concludes: If the Chinese government has been conducting human trials against SARS. MERS, or other coronviruses using recombined viruses, they may have made their citizens far more susceptible to acute respiratory distress syndrome upon infection with 2019-nCoV coronavirus. recombination vector sequence and INS1378,” As Dr. Yuhong asks, “How could this novel virus be so intelligent as to mutate precisely at selected sites while preserving its binding affinity to the human ACE2 receptor? How did the virus change just four amino acids of the S-protein? Did the virus know how to use Clustered Regularly Interspaced Short Palindromic Repeats (CRISPR) to make sure this would happen?” It couldn’t happen by chance, in other words. The coronavirus is not a random mutation in the wild. It was engineered. Many other scientists around the world are now investigating the gene sequences found in the coronavirus, and they are increasingly concluding that elements of the virus have been engineered. Many of those scientists are being threatened and censored. One paper has so far been forced to be withdrawn and revised, no doubt to remove the key conclusions that point to the genetic engineering origins of the coronavirus, but the proof of its engineering cannot be denied forever purification. was found to be spreading through the air ducts, confirming that Ebola can spread through the air. This simple fact was vigorously covered u by the entire medical establishment during the Ebola scare in the United States many years later, where the CDC transported an infected patient to a hospital in Dallas, subsequently infecting a nurse who was treated with highly toxic chemicals that caused permanent kidney damage (she later sued the hospital for the damage she suffered).The reason this is relevant is because in order to understand the coronavirus situation in China, we must first realize that virology research labs routinely experience lapses in containment. Even the United States has failed to contain deadly viral strains when trying to study them. China’s BSL-4 labs have experienced multiple accidental releases of SARS strains, and this new coronavirus is now confirmed to be an engineered strain that was either used in bioweapons research or vaccine experiments.The genomic coding in the virus is not natural, in other words. Just as you would never encounter a snake in the desert that’s writing a book containing words and grammatical structure, the genetic sequences now identified in the coronavirus strain are, without question, proof that human engineers have been tinkering with the strain. How to genetically engineer viruses: the pShuttle vectorOne of the tools used to accomplish this genetic engineering is called pShuttle. It’s a genetic tool set that can carry a payload of genes to be inserted into the target virus.Researchers engaged in genetic engineering can purchase the pShuttle sequence from online retailers such as AddGenes.org, which sells the sequence for $75, shipped in “bacteria as agar stab.” The following map outlines the complete gene sequence of the pShuttle tool:The method for using pShuttle is described in a PubMed document entitled, “A simplified system for generating recombinant adenoviruses.”The summary of the paper describes, “a strategy that simplifies the generation and production of such viruses.” Here’s how the process works to achieve genetic engineering of viruses:A recombinant adenoviral plasmid is generated with a minimum of enzymatic manipulations, using homologous recombination in bacteria rather than in eukaryotic cells. After transfections of such plasmids into a mammalian packaging cell line, viral production is conveniently followed with the aid of green fluorescent protein, encoded by a gene incorporated into the viral backbone. Homogeneous viruses can be obtained from this procedure without plaque purification.The paper describes how this approach will, “expedite the process of generating and testing recombinant adenoviruses.”During this process, of course, the pShuttle leaves behind unique code, a “fingerprint” of the genetic modification. It is this fingerprint that has now been identified in the coronavirus.As revealed by genomics researcher James Lyons-Weiler in this bombshell analysis article, the pShuttle genetic code is found in the coronavirus that’s circulating in the wild.This is proof that the virus has been engineered by human scientists.“IPAK researchers found a sequence similarity between a pShuttle-SN recombination vector sequence and INS1378,” writes Lyons-Weiler for IPAK: The process for achieving this was patented by Chinese researchers as shown in this patent link.The pShuttle vector was used to insert SARS genes into the coronavirus, a process that makes it deadly to humans. “The very researchers conducting studies on SARS vaccines have cautioned repeatedly against human trials,” warns Lyons-Weiler:The disease progression in of 2019-nCoV is consistent with those seen in animals and humans vaccinated against SARS and then challenged with re-infection. Thus, the hypothesis that 2019-nCoV is an experimental vaccine type must be seriously considered.He also warns about, “studies that have reported serious immunopathology in animals – rats, ferrets, and monkeys – in which animals vaccinated against coronoviruses tended to have extremely high rates of respiratory failure upon subsequent exposure in the study when challenged with the wild-type coronavirus.”He concludes:If the Chinese government has been conducting human trials against SARS. MERS, or other coronviruses using recombined viruses, they may have made their citizens far more susceptible to acute respiratory distress syndrome upon infection with 2019-nCoV coronavirus. Another doctor from Beijing Medical University warns the virus appears to be genetically engineeredLyons-Weiler is not alone in his assessment of the genetic engineering origins of the coronavirus. Dr. Yuhong Dong, who holds a doctorate degree in infectious diseases from Beijing University, writes in The Epoch Times:Based on recently published scientific papers, this new coronavirus has unprecedented virologic features that suggest genetic engineering may have been involved in its creation. The virus presents with severe clinical features, thus it poses a huge threat to humans. It is imperative for scientists, physicians, and people all over the world, including governments and public health authorities, to make every effort to investigate this mysterious and suspicious virus in order to elucidate its origin and to protect the ultimate future of the human race. Dr. Yuhong reminds us that a Jan. 30 science paper published in The Lancet concludes that, “recombination is probably not the reason for emergence of this virus.” In other words, this did not occur through natural mutations in the wild.He also points to a Jan. 27th study by five Greek scientists who also concluded the coronavirus has no lineage to other viruses in the “family tree” that’s found in the wild. He writes:A Jan. 27 2020, study by 5 Greek scientists analyzed the genetic relationships of 2019-nCoV and found that “the new coronavirus provides a new lineage for almost half of its genome, with no close genetic relationships to other viruses within the subgenus of sarbecovirus,” and has an unusual middle segment never seen before in any coronavirus. All this indicates that 2019-nCoV is a brand-new type of coronavirus. The study’s authors rejected the original hypothesis that 2019-nCoV originated from random natural mutations between different coronaviruses. NEWSPOLITICSGUNS/2AVIDEOSCULTUREFAITHSTORE Learn more about RevenueStripe...Irrefutable: The coronavirus was engineered by scientists in a lab using well documented genetic engineering vectors that leave behind a “fingerprint”By Mike Adams -February 4, 2020 Share Facebook Twitter EmailShareTweetSharePin(Natural News) Every virology lab in the world that has run a genomic analysis of the coronavirus now knows that the coronavirus was engineered by human scientists. The proof is in the virus itself: The tools for genetic insertion are still present as remnants in the genetic code. Since these unique gene sequences don’t occur by random chance, they’re proof that this virus was engineered by scientists in a lab.But the WHO and CDC are covering up this inconvenient fact in order to protect communist China and its biological weapons program, since no government wants the public to know the full truth about how frequently government-run labs experience outbreaks. Decades ago, for example, the U.S. Army ran an Ebola bioweapons lab in the United States, where a monkey infected one of the scientists there. The strain turned out to be infectious only in monkeys, not humans, so the world dodged a bullet, but the U.S. Army “nuked” the entire facility with chemical bombs, killing all the monkeys and wiping out any last remnant of the virus on U.S. soil.You can read the full details of that incident in the book The Hot Zone by Richard Preston. We’ve also covered it at NaturalNews.com, where this book description is reprinted:You Might LikeLearn more about RevenueStripe...In 1989, Reston, VA — one of the most famous U.S. planned communities located about 10 miles from Washington DC — stood at the epicenter of a potential biological disaster. This well-known story was narrated by Richard Preston in a bone chilling account related to the recognition and containment of a devastating tropical filovirus at a monkey facility — the Reston Primate Quarantine Unit.take our poll - story continues belowWhy wait until November 3? Show all of America who you're voting for in 2020  That outbreak occurred because Ebola was found to be spreading through the air ducts, confirming that Ebola can spread through the air. This simple fact was vigorously covered up by the entire medical establishment during the Ebola scare in the United States many years later, where the CDC transported an infected patient to a hospital in Dallas, subsequently infecting a nurse who was treated with highly toxic chemicals that caused permanent kidney damage (she later sued the hospital for the damage she suffered).The reason this is relevant is because in order to understand the coronavirus situation in China, we must first realize that virology research labs routinely experience lapses in containment. Even the United States has failed to contain deadly viral strains when trying to study them. China’s BSL-4 labs have experienced multiple accidental releases of SARS strains, and this new coronavirus is now confirmed to be an engineered strain that was either used in bioweapons research or vaccine experiments.The genomic coding in the virus is not natural, in other words. Just as you would never encounter a snake in the desert that’s writing a book containing words and grammatical structure, the genetic sequences now identified in the coronavirus strain are, without question, proof that human engineers have been tinkering with the strain.How to genetically engineer viruses: the pShuttle vectorOne of the tools used to accomplish this genetic engineering is called pShuttle. It’s a genetic tool set that can carry a payload of genes to be inserted into the target virus.Researchers engaged in genetic engineering can purchase the pShuttle sequence from online retailers such as AddGenes.org, which sells the sequence for $75, shipped in “bacteria as agar stab.”You Might LikeLearn more about RevenueStripe...The following map outlines the complete gene sequence of the pShuttle tool:The method for using pShuttle is described in a PubMed document entitled, “A simplified system for generating recombinant adenoviruses.”The summary of the paper describes, “a strategy that simplifies the generation and production of such viruses.” Here’s how the process works to achieve genetic engineering of viruses:A recombinant adenoviral plasmid is generated with a minimum of enzymatic manipulations, using homologous recombination in bacteria rather than in eukaryotic cells. After transfections of such plasmids into a mammalian packaging cell line, viral production is conveniently followed with the aid of green fluorescent protein, encoded by a gene incorporated into the viral backbone. Homogeneous viruses can be obtained from this procedure without plaque purification.The paper describes how this approach will, “expedite the process of generating and testing recombinant adenoviruses.”During this process, of course, the pShuttle leaves behind unique code, a “fingerprint” of the genetic modification. It is this fingerprint that has now been identified in the coronavirus.As revealed by genomics researcher James Lyons-Weiler in this bombshell analysis article, the pShuttle genetic code is found in the coronavirus that’s circulating in the wild.This is proof that the virus has been engineered by human scientists.“IPAK researchers found a sequence similarity between a pShuttle-SN recombination vector sequence and INS1378,” writes Lyons-Weiler for IPAK:Another gene sequence also shows a 92% match with the Spike protein from the SARS coronavirus:The process for achieving this was patented by Chinese researchers as shown in this patent link.The pShuttle vector was used to insert SARS genes into the coronavirus, a process that makes it deadly to humans. “The very researchers conducting studies on SARS vaccines have cautioned repeatedly against human trials,” warns Lyons-Weiler:The disease progression in of 2019-nCoV is consistent with those seen in animals and humans vaccinated against SARS and then challenged with re-infection. Thus, the hypothesis that 2019-nCoV is an experimental vaccine type must be seriously considered.He also warns about, “studies that have reported serious immunopathology in animals – rats, ferrets, and monkeys – in which animals vaccinated against coronoviruses tended to have extremely high rates of respiratory failure upon subsequent exposure in the study when challenged with the wild-type coronavirus.”He concludes:If the Chinese government has been conducting human trials against SARS. MERS, or other coronviruses using recombined viruses, they may have made their citizens far more susceptible to acute respiratory distress syndrome upon infection with 2019-nCoV coronavirus.Brighteon.com/a4d2afed-56c6-4602-b6ab-6f777ba4a69aAnother doctor from Beijing Medical University warns the virus appears to be genetically engineeredLyons-Weiler is not alone in his assessment of the genetic engineering origins of the coronavirus. Dr. Yuhong Dong, who holds a doctorate degree in infectious diseases from Beijing University, writes in The Epoch Times:Based on recently published scientific papers, this new coronavirus has unprecedented virologic features that suggest genetic engineering may have been involved in its creation. The virus presents with severe clinical features, thus it poses a huge threat to humans. It is imperative for scientists, physicians, and people all over the world, including governments and public health authorities, to make every effort to investigate this mysterious and suspicious virus in order to elucidate its origin and to protect the ultimate future of the human race.Dr. Yuhong reminds us that a Jan. 30 science paper published in The Lancet concludes that, “recombination is probably not the reason for emergence of this virus.” In other words, this did not occur through natural mutations in the wild.He also points to a Jan. 27th study by five Greek scientists who also concluded the coronavirus has no lineage to other viruses in the “family tree” that’s found in the wild. He writes:A Jan. 27 2020, study by 5 Greek scientists analyzed the genetic relationships of 2019-nCoV and found that “the new coronavirus provides a new lineage for almost half of its genome, with no close genetic relationships to other viruses within the subgenus of sarbecovirus,” and has an unusual middle segment never seen before in any coronavirus. All this indicates that 2019-nCoV is a brand-new type of coronavirus. The study’s authors rejected the original hypothesis that 2019-nCoV originated from random natural mutations between different coronaviruses.“No bats were sold or found at the Huanan seafood market”Dr. Yuhong writes about The Lancet study by authors Roujian Lu et al., from the China Key Laboratory of Biosafety, National Institute for Viral Disease Control and Prevention, Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention, repeating a quote from that paper:First, the outbreak was first reported in late December 2019, when most bat species in Wuhan are hibernating. Second, no bats were sold or found at the Huanan seafood market, whereas various non-aquatic animals (including mammals) were available for purchase. Third, the sequence identity between 2019-nCoV and its close relatives bat-SL-CoVZC45 and bat-SL-CoVZXC21 was less than 90%. Hence, bat-SL-CoVZC45 and bat-SL-CoVZXC21 are not direct ancestors of 2019-nCoV.In other words, it isn’t from bats.That means the entire mainstream media is lying to us about the real origins of the coronavirus.That same paper goes on to underscore the misinformation in the official explanation, stating, “Many of the initially confirmed 2019-nCoV cases—27 of the first 41 in one report, 26 of 47 in another—were connected to the Wuhan market, but up to 45%, including the earliest handful, were not. This raises the possibility that the initial jump into people happened elsewhere.”Both Lu (in The Lancet paper linked above) and Lyons-Weiler point to the presence of a SARS binding protein sequence in the coronavirus that allows it to easily infect human cells. As explained in The Epoch Times:…despite considerable genetics distance between the Wuhan CoV and the human-infecting SARS-CoV, and the overall low homology of the Wuhan CoV S-protein to that of SARS-CoV, the Wuhan CoV S-protein had several patches of sequences in the receptor binding (RBD) domain with a high homology to that of SARS-CoV. The residues at positions 442, 472, 479, 487, and 491 in SARS-CoV S-protein were reported to be at receptor complex interface and considered critical for cross species and human-to-human transmission of SARS-CoV. So to our surprise, despite replacing four out of five important interface amino acid residues, the Wuhan CoV S-protein was found to have a significant binding affinity to human ACE2. …The Wuhan CoV S-protein and SARS-CoV S-protein shared an almost identical 3-D structure in the RBD domain, thus maintaining similar van der Waals and electrostatic properties in the interaction interface. Thus the Wuhan CoV is still able to pose a significant public health risk for human transmission via the S protein–ACE2 binding pathway. (emphasis added)As Dr. Yuhong asks, “How could this novel virus be so intelligent as to mutate precisely at selected sites while preserving its binding affinity to the human ACE2 receptor? How did the virus change just four amino acids of the S-protein? Did the virus know how to use Clustered Regularly Interspaced Short Palindromic Repeats (CRISPR) to make sure this would happen?”It couldn’t happen by chance, in other words. The coronavirus is not a random mutation in the wild. It was engineered.Many other scientists around the world are now investigating the gene sequences found in the coronavirus, and they are increasingly concluding that elements of the virus have been engineered.Many of those scientists are being threatened and censored. One paper has so far been forced to be withdrawn and revised, no doubt to remove the key conclusions that point to the genetic engineering origins of the coronavirus, but the proof of its engineering cannot be denied forever. Either the coronavirus was genetically engineered, or the science establishment is going to have to throw out the entire field of genomics research and claim it isn’t realEventually, the science establishment is either going to have to conclude that this coronavirus strain was engineered, or that all the laws of genetics science don’t work, and gene sequencing is imaginary (sort of like transgenderism by the “progressive” Left, which has already abandoned biological reality). So far they’ve tried to bamboozle the public into believing this is all some sort of accident from Mother Nature, but that has only worked because most of the public doesn’t understand enough science to counter the official propaganda. However, there are more than enough independent scientists around the world to prove that this pandemic strain was engineered by humans. More evidence is coming out each day. Interestingly, as this article is going to press, all the official numbers of infections and deaths from coronavirus have been frozen for about 14 hours and counting, almost as if every nation of the world has agreed to stop reporting new numbers. This may be a temporary situation that gets resolved in the next few hours, but it’s highly suspicious. For the last week, we’ve been getting new updates about every 12 hours or sooner, and we’ve never seen the count frozen for this long. At the same time, an 11th case of coronavirus has now been confirmed by the CDC in the United States, revealing that infections are continuing to spread in the USA, despite the efforts of the CDC to contain the outbreak.|0
The global coronavirus pandemic has enormous geopolitical implications. The world will never be the same again. However, it is premature to speak of what kind of world it will end up being. The outbreak has not passed: we have not even reached the peak. The main unknown points remain: what kind of losses will humanity ultimately suffer - how many deaths? Who will be able to stop the virus from spreading, and how? What are the real consequences for those who have been sick and those who have survived?No one can yet answer these questions even approximately, and therefore we cannot even remotely imagine the real damage. In the worst case scenario, the pandemic will lead to a serious decline in the world's population. At best, the panic will turn out to be premature and groundless. But even after the first months of the pandemic, some global geopolitical changes are already quite obvious and largely irreversible. No matter how the subsequent events unfold, something in the world order has changed once and for all.The outbreak of the coronavirus epidemic has been a decisive moment in the destruction of the unipolar world and the collapse of globalization. The crisis of unipolarity and the slippage of globalization has been noticeable since the very beginning of the 2000s - the 9/11 catastrophe, the sharp growth of China's economy, the return to global politics of Putin's Russia as an increasingly sovereign entity, the sharp activation of the Islamic factor, the growing crisis of migrants and the rise of populism in Europe and even the United States that resulted in the election of Trump and many other parallel phenomena have made it clear that the world formed in the 90s around the dominance of the West, the US and global capitalism has entered a crisis phase. The multipolar world order is beginning to form with new central actors, civilizations, as anticipated by Samuel Huntington. While there were signs of emerging multipolarity, a trend is one thing, and objective reality another. It is like cracked ice in spring. it is clear that it will not last long, but at the same time, it is undeniably here - you can even move across it, albeit with risk. No one can be certain when the cracked ice will actually give way. We can now begin the countdown to a multipolar world order - the starting point is the coronavirus epidemic. The pandemic has buried globalization, open society and the global capitalist system. The virus has forced us onto the ice and individual enclaves of humanity have begun to take their isolated historical trajectories.The coronavirus has buried all the major myths of globalization: the effectiveness of open borders and the interdependence of the world's countries,the ability of supranational institutions to cope with an extraordinary situation,the sustainability of the global financial system and the world economy as a whole when faced with serious challenges, the uselessness of centralized states, socialist regimes and disciplinary methods in solving acute problems and the complete superiority of liberal strategies over them,the total triumph of liberalism as a panacea for all problem situations.Their solutions have not worked in Italy, or other EU countries, nor in the United States. The only thing that has proven effective is the sharp closure of society, reliance on domestic resources, strong state power and isolation of the sick from the healthy, citizens from foreigners, etc.At the same time, even the countries of the West reacted to the pandemic quite differently: the Italians introduced full quarantine, Macron introduced a regime of state dictatorship (in the spirit of Jacobins), Merkel gave €500 billion to support the population, and Boris Johnson, following the spirit of Anglo-Saxon individualism, suggested that the disease be considered a private matter for every Englishman and refused to carry out testing, sympathizing in advance with those who will lose loved ones. Trump established a state of emergency in the United States, closing communications with Europe and the rest of the world. If the West acts so disparately and contradictorily, then what about the rest of the countries? Everyone seems to be saving themselves as they can. This has been best accomplished by China, which, as a result of the Communist Party's hands-on policies, has established tough disciplinary methods to fight the infection and accused the United States of spreading it. The same accusation was made by Iran, which has been hit hard by the virus - including among the country's top leadership.Thus the virus has ripped apart the open society at the seams and thrust mankind forward on its voyage toward a multipolar world.Whatever ended with the fight against the coronavirus, it is clear that globalization has collapsed. This could almost certainly spell the end of liberalism and its total ideological dominance. It is hardly possible to foresee the final version of the future world order - especially in its details. Multipolarity is a system that historically has not existed, and if we look for some distant analogue of it, we should turn not to the era of more or less equivalent European states after the Westphalian world, but to the time preceding the era of the Great Geographical Discovery, when, along with Europe (divided into Western and Eastern Christian countries), the Islamic world, India, China and Russia existed as independent civilizations. The same civilizations existed in the pre-colonial period in America (the Incas, Aztecs, etc.) and Africa. There were links and contacts between these civilizations, but there was no single binding type with universal values, institutions and systems.The post-coronavirus world is likely to involve individual world regions, civilizations, continents gradually forming into independent players. At the same time, the universal model of liberal capitalism will likely collapse. This model currently serves as the common denominator of the whole structure of unipolarity: from the absolutization of the market to parliamentary democracy and human rights ideology, including notions of progress and the law of technological development which have become a dogma in New Age Europe and spread to all human societies through colonization (directly or indirectly in the form of westernization).Much will depend on who will defeat the epidemic and how: where disciplinary measures prove effective, they will enter the political and economic order of the future as an essential component. The same conclusion can be reached by those who, on the other hand, will not be able to cope with the threat of a pandemic through openness and by avoiding harsh measures. Temporary alienation dictated by the direct threat of contagion from another country and another region, the severance of economic ties and the necessary alienation from a single financial system will force states in the epidemic to look for self-reliance, because the priority will be food security, a minimum autonomy and economic autarchy to meet the vital needs of the population on the other side of any economic dogma, which, before the coronavirus crisis, was considered the only possibility. Even where liberalism and capitalism are preserved, they will be placed in the national framework in the spirit of mercantilist theories insisting on maintaining a monopoly on foreign trade in the hands of the state. Those who are less connected to the liberal tradition may well move in the inventories of the most optimal organization of "big space" in other directions - taking into account civilizational and cultural peculiarities.One cannot say in advance what the multipolar model as a whole will eventually become, but the very fact of breaking the generally binding dogma of liberal globalization will open up completely new opportunities and ways for each civilization.After the coronavirus: multipolar safety. The multipolar world will create an entirely new security architecture. It may not be more sustainable or adaptable to conflict resolution, but it will be different. In this new model, the West, the US and NATO, if NATO still exists, will be just one factor alongside others. The US itself will clearly not be able (and probably will not want to, if the Trump line finally prevails in Washington) to play the role of the sole global arbitrator, and therefore, the US will acquire a different status after quarantine and state of emergency. It can be compared to Israel's role in the Middle East. Israel is undoubtedly a powerful country, actively influencing the balance of power in the region, but it does not export its ideology and values to the surrounding Arab countries. On the contrary, it preserves its Jewish identity for itself, trying rather to free itself from the holders of other values than to include them in its composition. Building a wall with Mexico and Trump's call for Americans to focus on their own internal problems is similar to Israel’s path: the United States will be a powerful power, but its liberal-capitalist ideology will only remain for itself, rather than by attracting outsiders. The same will apply to Europe. Consequently, the most important factor of the unipolar world will radically change its status.This, of course, will lead to a redistribution of forces and functions among other civilizations. Europe, if it keeps its unity to any degree, is likely to create its own military bloc independent of the United States, which was already discussed after the collapse of the Soviet Union (the Eurocorps project) and has been repeatedly hinted at by Macron and Merkel. Not being directly hostile to the United States, such a bloc will in many cases follow European interests proper, which may sometimes differ sharply from those of the United States. First and foremost, it will affect relations with Russia, Iran, China and the Islamic world.China will have to transform itself from a beneficiary of globalization and adapt to pursue its national interests as a regional power. This is exactly what all the processes in China have been heading towards lately - strengthening Xi Jianping's power, the "One belt – One road" project, etc. It will no longer be about globalization with Chinese characteristics, but an explicit Far Eastern project with special Confucian and partly socialist characteristics. Conflicts in the Pacific Ocean with the United States will clearly at some point become more acute.The Islamic world will face a difficult problem of the new paradigm of self-organization, as in the conditions of formation of large spaces - Europe, China, USA, Russia, etc., individual Islamic countries will not be able to be fully commensurate with the rest and effectively defend their interests. There will be a need for several poles of Islamic integration – Shia (with the center in Iran) and Sunni, where, along with Indonesia and Pakistan in the East, a Western Sunni block around Turkey and some Arab countries of Egypt or the Gulf states is likely to be constructed.And finally, in the multipolar world order, Russia has a historical chance to strengthen itself as an independent civilization which will see an increase in power as a result of the sharp decline of the West and its internal geopolitical fragmentation. Yet, at the same time, it will also be a challenge: before fully asserting itself as one of the most influential and powerful poles in the multipolar world, Russia will have to pass the maturity test, preserving its unity and reasserting its zones of influence in the Eurasian space. It is not yet clear where the southern and western borders of Russia-Eurasia will be post-coronavirus. This will largely depend on what regime, what methods and efforts Russia will use to cope with the pandemic and what political consequences this has. In addition, it is impossible to knowingly predict the state of other "large spaces" - the poles of the multipolar world. The constitution of the Russian perimeter will depend on many factors, some of which may prove to be quite acute and conflictual.Gradually, a system of multipolar settlement will be formed - either on the basis of the UN reformed under the conditions of multipolarity, or in the form of some new organization. Again, everything here will depend on how the fight against the coronavirus unfolds.The virus as a mission. One should not be deceived: the world coronavirus pandemic is a turning point in world history. Not only are stock indices and oil prices collapsing, the world order itself is falling. We are living in the period of the end of liberalism and its "obviousness" as global meta-narrative, the end of its measures and standards. Human societies will soon become free floating: no more dogmas, no more dollar-imperialism, no more free market spells, no more Fed dictatorship or global stock exchanges, no more subservience to the world media elite. Each pole will build its future on its own civilizational foundations. It is obviously impossible to say what this will look like or what it will lead to. However, it is already clear that the old world order is becoming a thing of the past, and quite distinct contours of a new reality are emerging before us. What neither ideologies, nor wars, nor fierce economic battles, nor terror, nor religious movements have been able to do, has been accomplished by an invisible, yet deadly virus. It brought with it death, pain, horror, panic, sorrow... but also the future.|0
COVID-19 is mainly spread through respiratory droplets expelled by someone who is coughing or has other symptoms such as fever or tiredness. Many people with COVID-19 experience only mild symptoms. This is particularly true in the early stages of the disease. It is possible to catch COVID-19 from someone who has just a mild cough and does not feel ill.Some reports have indicated that people with no symptoms can transmit the virus. It is not yet known how often it happens. WHO is assessing ongoing research on the topic and will continue to share updated findings.|1
Coronavirus infects the lungs. The two main symptoms are a fever or a dry cough. These can lead to breathing problems and shortness of breathe.The cough to look out for is a new, continuous cough. This means coughing a lot for more than an hour, or having three or more coughing episodes in 24 hours. If you usually have a cough, it may be worse than usual.You have a fever if your temperature is above 37.8C. This can make you feel warm, cold or shivery.The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has published an expanded list of symptoms which some people may develop:Chills.Repeated shaking with chills.Muscle pain.Headache.Sore throat.New loss of taste or smell.It takes five days on average to start showing the symptoms, but some people will get them much later. The World Health Organization says the incubation period lasts up to 14 days.|1
Corona virus before it reaches the lungs it remains in the throat for four days and at this time the person begins to cough and have throat pains. If he drinks water a lot and gargling with warm water & salt or vinegar eliminates the virus. Spread this information because you can save someone with this information|0
It’s not sexy, but it works.Wash your hands, wash your hands, wash your hands. That splash-under-water flick won’t cut it anymore.A refresher: Wet your hands and scrub them with soap, taking care to get between your fingers and under your nails. Wash for at least 20 seconds (or about the time it takes to sing “Happy Birthday” twice), and dry. Make sure you get your thumbs, too. The C.D.C. also recommends you avoid touching your eyes, nose and mouth with unwashed hands (tough one, we know).Alcohol-based hand sanitizers, which should be rubbed in for about 20 seconds, can also work, but the gel must contain at least 60 percent alcohol. (No, Tito’s Handmade Vodka doesn’t work.Also, clean “high-touch” surfaces, like phones, tablets and handles. Apple recommends using 70 percent isopropyl alcohol, wiping gently. “Don’t use bleach,” the company said.To disinfect any surface, the C.D.C. recommends wearing disposable gloves and washing hands thoroughly immediately after removing the gloves. Most household disinfectants registered by the Environmental Protection Agency will work.Try to stand away from other people, especially if they seem sick. Wave, bow or give an elbow bump, rather than shaking hands.Watch our guide on how to wash your hands.|1
What you need to know about how the virus is transmitted.A delicate but highly contagious virus, roughly one-900th the width of a human hair, is spreading from person to person around the world. The coronavirus, as it’s known, has already infected more than 200,000 people in 140 countries.Because this virus is so new, experts’ understanding of how it spreads is limited. They can, however, offer some guidance about how it does — and does not — seem to be transmitted.If I cross paths with a sick person, will I get sick, too?You walk into a crowded grocery store. A shopper has the coronavirus. What puts you most at risk of getting infected by that person?Experts agree they have a great deal to learn, but four factors are likely to play some role: how close you get; how long you are near the person; whether that person projects viral droplets on you; and how much you touch your face. (Of course, your age and health are also major factors.)Also, the larger the number of people in the store — or in any other situation —  the greater the chance that you’ll cross paths with an infected person, which is why so many health officials are now urging people to avoid crowds and to cancel gatherings large and small.What’s a viral droplet?It is a droplet containing viral particles. A virus is a tiny codependent microbe that attaches to a cell, takes over, makes more of itself and moves on to its next host. This is its “lifestyle,” said Gary Whittaker, a professor of virology at the Cornell University College of Veterinary Medicine.A “naked” virus can’t go anywhere unless it’s hitching a ride with a droplet of mucus or saliva, said Kin-on Kwok, a professor at the Jockey Club School of Public Health and Primary Care at the Chinese University of Hong Kong.These mucus and saliva droplets are ejected from the mouth or the nose as we cough, sneeze, laugh, sing, breathe and talk. If they don’t hit something along the way, they typically land on the floor or the ground. When the virus becomes suspended in droplets smaller than five micrometers — known as aerosols — it can stay suspended for about a half-hour, research suggests.To gain access to your cells, the viral droplets must enter through the eyes, the nose or the mouth. Some experts believe that sneezing and coughing are most likely the primary forms of transmission. Professor Kwok said talking face-to-face or sharing a meal with someone could pose a risk.Julian Tang, a virologist and a professor at the University of Leicester in England who is researching the coronavirus with Professor Kwok, agreed.“If you can smell what someone had for lunch — garlic, curry, etc. — you are inhaling what they are breathing out, including any virus in their breath,” he said.The virus does not linger in the air at high enough levels to be a risk to most people. But the techniques health care workers use to care for sick people can generate high levels of aerosols. This is part of why it’s so important that they have proper protective equipment.How close is too close?The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recommends keeping a distance of six feet from other people to minimize the possibility of infection. (A useful way to think about six feet is that it’s roughly twice the length of the average person’s extended arm. Three feet is the distance the W.H.O. emphasizes as particularly risky when standing near a person who is coughing or sneezing.Still, other public health experts say that at this crucial moment, when the world still has an opportunity to slow the transmission of the coronavirus, any number of feet is too close. By cutting out all but essential in-person interactions, we can help flatten the curve, they say, keeping the number of sick people to levels that medical providers can manage.How long is too long to be near an infected person?It’s not yet clear, but most experts agree that more time equals more risk.Will you know a person is sick?Not necessarily.Fever, coughing, chest pain and shortness of breath may signal that someone has been infected with the coronavirus. (Covid-19 is the name for the disease caused by the virus. But it has become increasingly clear that people without symptoms can also infect others. In some cases, these people may later feel terrible enough to try to get tested, isolate themselves, seek treatment and notify friends and colleagues about potential risk. In still other cases, people with the virus may never experience the physical discomfort that would tip them off to the fact that they have been a danger to others. Can the virus last on a bus pole, a touch screen or other surface?Yes. After numerous people who attended a Buddhist temple in Hong Kong fell ill, the city’s Center for Health Protection collected samples from the site. Restroom faucets and the cloth covers over Buddhist texts tested positive for the coronavirus, the agency said.This coronavirus is just the latest of many similarly shaped viruses. (Coronaviruses are named for the spikes that protrude from their surfaces, which resemble a crown or the sun’s corona.A recent study of the novel coronavirus found that it could live for three days on plastic and steel. If you are ordering lots of supplies online, you may be relieved to know that the virus did poorly on cardboard — it disintegrated over the course of a day.  It survived for about four hours on copper.Whether a surface looks dirty or clean is irrelevant. If an infected person sneezed and a droplet landed on a surface, a person who then touched that surface could pick it up. How much is required to infect a person is unclear.But as long as you wash your hands before touching your face, you should be OK, because viral droplets don’t pass through skin.Also, coronaviruses are relatively easy to destroy. Using a simple disinfectant on a surface is nearly guaranteed to break the delicate envelope that surrounds the tiny microbe, rendering it harmless, Professor Whittaker said.Does the brand or type of soap you use matter?No, several experts said.My neighbor is coughing. Should I be worried?There is no evidence that viral particles can go through walls or glass, said Dr. Ashish K. Jha, director of the Harvard Global Health Institute.He said he was more concerned about the dangers posed by common spaces than those posed by vents, provided there is good air circulation in a room.An infected neighbor might sneeze on a railing and if you touched it, “that would be a more natural way to get it from your neighbor,” he said.Can I get it from making out with someone? Kissing could definitely spread it, several experts said.Though coronaviruses are not typically sexually transmitted, it’s too soon to know, the W.H.O. said.Is it safe to eat where people are sick with the coronavirus?If a sick person handles the food or it’s a high-traffic buffet, then risks cannot be ruled out — but heating or reheating food should kill the virus, Professor Whittaker said.Dr. Jha concurred.“As a general rule, we haven’t seen that food is a mechanism for spreading,” he said.Can my dog or cat safely join me in quarantine?Thousands of people have already begun various types of quarantines. Some have been mandated by health officials, while others are voluntary and primarily involve staying home.Can a cat or dog join someone to make quarantine less lonely? Professor Whittaker, who has studied the spread of coronaviruses in animals and humans, said that he had seen no evidence that people who have the virus could be a danger to their pets.|1
The coronavirus pandemic can be dramatically slowed, or stopped, with the immediate widespread use of high doses of vitamin C. Physicians have demonstrated the powerful antiviral action of vitamin C for decades. There has been a lack of media coverage of this effective and successful approach against viruses in general, and coronavirus in particular.It is very important to maximize the body's anti-oxidative capacity and natural immunity to prevent and minimize symptoms when a virus attacks the human body. The host environment is crucial. Preventing is obviously easier than treating severe illness. But treat serious illness seriously. Do not hesitate to seek medical attention. It is not an either-or choice. Vitamin C can be used right along with medicines when they are indicated."I have not seen any flu yet that was not cured or markedly ameliorated by massive doses of vitamin C."The physicians of the Orthomolecular Medicine News Service and the International Society for Orthomolecular Medicine urge a nutrient-based method to prevent or minimize symptoms for future viral infection. The following inexpensive supplemental levels are recommended for adults; for children reduce these in proportion to body weight:Vitamin C: 3,000 milligrams (or more) daily, in divided doses.Vitamin D3: 2,000 International Units daily. (Start with 5,000 IU/day for two weeks, then reduce to 2,000). Magnesium: 400 mg daily (in citrate, malate, chelate, or chloride form). Zinc: 20 mg daily. Selenium: 100 mcg (micrograms) daily. Vitamin C, Vitamin D, magnesium, zinc, and selenium have been shown to strengthen the immune system against viruses.The basis for using high doses of vitamin C to prevent and combat virus-caused illness may be traced back to vitamin C's early success against polio, first reported in the late 1940s.[6] Many people are unaware, even surprised, to learn this. Further clinical evidence built up over the decades, leading to an anti-virus protocol published in 1980.It is important to remember that preventing and treating respiratory infections with large amounts of vitamin C is well established. Those who believe that vitamin C generally has merit, but massive doses are ineffective or somehow harmful, will do well to read the original papers for themselves. To dismiss the work of these doctors simply because they had success so long ago sidesteps a more important question: Why has the benefit of their clinical experience not been presented to the public by responsible governmental authorities, especially in the face of a viral pandemic?|0
It is always good to go on the offense – taking a tsp or two twice daily of Structured Silver Advanced Formula helps fight the pathogens we are exposed to on a daily basis. The structured silver circulating in your blood attaches to bacteria, yeast, and viruses rendering them ineffective and boosting your immune system . . . It’s important to note that although there are increasing numbers of cases being reported of corona virus, most of the fatalities are from older and younger folks with compromised immune systems.Wellness!! Vital Silver!!! Simple!!! Go on the offense this year against viruses including the Coronavirus – it’s simple! The Silver is flying off the shelves as folks stock up due to the increased awareness of the coronavirus. Structured Silver allows a silver particle-cluster of silver to kill multiple bacteria, viruses, and yeast/candida pathogens throughout the body until it is safely excreted.|0
“We’re really encouraging zero play dates at this point,” said Dr. O’Leary.  Theoretically, he said, it might be feasible for your child to play outside with one other child if they can keep six feet apart, but the reality is that keeping younger kids from touching their friends is nearly impossible. If you have an older child who you know can absolutely stay six feet apart from his pals in a wide open space, it’s fine for them to play, but monitor them closely. Always make sure they are washing hands vigorously when they come inside.|1
If you are sick with COVID-19 or think you may be infected with the COVID-19 virus, it is important not to spread the infection to others while you recover. While home-isolation or home-quarantine may sound like a staycation, you should be prepared for a long period during which you might feel disconnected from others and anxious about your health and the health of your loved ones. Staying in touch with others by phone or online can be helpful to maintain social connections, ask for help, and update others on your condition.Here's what the CDC recommends to minimize the risk of spreading the infection to others in your home and community.Stay home except to get medical care. Do not go to work, school, or public areas.Avoid using public transportation, ride-sharing, or taxis.Call ahead before visiting your doctor.Call your doctor and tell them that you have or may have COVID-19. This will help the healthcare provider's office to take steps to keep other people from getting infected or exposed.Separate yourself from other people and animals in your home.As much as possible, stay in a specific room and away from other people in your home. Use a separate bathroom, if available.Restrict contact with pets and other animals while you are sick with COVID-19, just like you would around other people. When possible, have another member of your household care for your animals while you are sick. If you must care for your pet or be around animals while you are sick, wash your hands before and after you interact with pets and wear a face mask.Wear a face mask if you are sick.Wear a face mask when you are around other people or pets and before you enter a doctor's office or hospital.Cover your coughs and sneezes.Cover your mouth and nose with a tissue when you cough or sneeze and throw used tissues in a lined trash can.Immediately wash your hands with soap and water for at least 20 seconds after you sneeze. If soap and water are not available, clean your hands with an alcohol-based hand sanitizer that contains at least 60% alcohol.Clean your hands often.Wash your hands often with soap and water for at least 20 seconds, especially after blowing your nose, coughing, or sneezing; going to the bathroom; and before eating or preparing food.If soap and water are not readily available, use an alcohol-based hand sanitizer with at least 60% alcohol, covering all surfaces of your hands and rubbing them together until they feel dry.Avoid touching your eyes, nose, and mouth with unwashed hands.Don't share personal household items.Do not share dishes, drinking glasses, cups, eating utensils, towels, or bedding with other people or pets in your home.After using these items, they should be washed thoroughly with soap and water.Clean all "high-touch" surfaces every day.High touch surfaces include counters, tabletops, doorknobs, bathroom fixtures, toilets, phones, keyboards, tablets, and bedside tables.Clean and disinfect areas that may have any bodily fluids on them.A list of products suitable for use against COVID-19 is available here. This list has been pre-approved by the US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) for use during the COVID-19 outbreak.Monitor your symptoms.Monitor yourself for fever by taking your temperature twice a day and remain alert for cough or difficulty breathing.If you have not had symptoms and you begin to feel feverish or develop measured fever, cough, or difficulty breathing, immediately limit contact with others if you have not already done so. Call your doctor or local health department to determine whether you need a medical evaluation.Seek prompt medical attention if your illness is worsening, for example if you have difficulty breathing. Before going to a doctor's office or hospital, call your doctor and tell them that you have, or are being evaluated for, COVID-19.Put on a face mask before you enter a healthcare facility or any time you may come into contact with others.If you have a medical emergency and need to call 911, notify the dispatch personnel that you have or are being evaluated for COVID-19. If possible, put on a face mask before emergency medical services arrive.|1
Exercising poses a potential risk from SARS-CoV-2 infection to athletes and coaches. This is particularly an issue in settings where athletes train in groups, engage in contact sports, share equipment or use common areas, including locker rooms. Community and individual-level recreational sport activities could also potentially heighten the risk of spreading coronavirus. Transmission could occur through person-to-person contact, exposure to a common source, or aerosols/droplets from an infected individual. Nevertheless, in light of the benefits of regular physical activity to physical and mental health it is important to remain active during the COVID-19 pandemic while respecting physical distancing and personal hygiene recommendations.|1
We can all agree that 50 tons of vitamin C pretty much qualifies as a megadose. We can also likely agree that trucking 50 tons of vitamin C, straight into Wuhan, full in the face of the COVID-19 epidemic, qualifies as news.The news media are not reporting this, or any other, significantly positive megavitamin news.Yesterday 50 tons of immunity boosting Vitamin C were shipped from our DSM Jiangshan plan to the province of Hubei, of which Wuhan is the capital city. The banner text on the truck reads: In the fight against N-COVID the people of DSM Jiangshan and Wuhan are heart to heart. Loving the photo, but needing authentication, I consulted my physician correspondent in China, Richard Cheng, MD. He confirmed it, saying: "This was reported in the Chinese media about 2 weeks ago." Another translator has also independently verified the accuracy of the translation.DSM, by the way, simply stands for Dutch State Mines, the Netherlands-based parent of DSM Jiangshan Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. The Chinese division has been recognized as a "China Enterprise with Outstanding Contribution to Social Responsibility." There is another DSM factory in Scotland, which also manufactures vitamin C.We are so used to being lied to that the truth is like a diamond in a five-and-dime store: you can't believe it is real because it is mixed in with the fakes. News of nutrition-centered treatment of COVID-19 has been branded "fake news" and "false information." I say that what is "false" and "fake" is the deliberate omission of any news of health-saving, life-saving measures already underway to help the people of China and the rest of our planet. .Here is more verified but still unreported news of high-dose intravenous vitamin C against COVID-19 in China:|0
For three months, we’ve been urging our readers to pursue sensible nutritional strategies to boost immune function and protect against infections. Now a study carried out by Northwestern University has found that higher vitamin D levels result in lower mortality rates from covid-19 infections.Vitamin D deficiency, according to the study, was significantly linked to the development of severe symptoms and complications leading to death.The study, published in medRxiv, is entitled, “The Possible Role of Vitamin D in Suppressing Cytokine Storm and Associated Mortality in COVID-19 Patients.”The study used data from coronavirus patients across multiple nations, including the UK, the USA, China, France, Italy and South Korea. Those patients who had the lowest vitamin D levels had the highest risk of complications such as the “cytokine storm” immune reaction that leads to rapid death.“[W]e saw a significant correlation with vitamin D deficiency,” says study author Vadim Backman.The research paper concludes, “Our finding suggests that Vit. D may reduce COVID-19 severity by suppressing cytokine storm in COVID-19 patieThe paper is careful to note that vitamin D should not be considered a kind of miracle cure for covid-19 and that more research needs to be conducted to further explore the relationship.The paper was also covered by StudyFinds.org, which explains:All of the data used for this study was publicly available, and an in-depth analysis revealed a correlation between vitamin D levels and cytokine storm (a form of hyper-inflammation due to an overactive immune system). A relationship between vitamin D and mortality rates among COVID-19 patients was noted as well.So, the research team believe vitamin D is helpful against COVID-19 because it simultaneously boosts our existing immune systems while also preventing new immune responses from going over board.“Our analysis shows that it might be as high as cutting the mortality rate in half,” Backman says. “It will not prevent a patient from contracting the virus, but it may reduce complications and prevent death in those who are infected.”However, it is clear that vitamin D deficiency is harmful, and it can be easily addressed with appropriate supplementation. This might be another key to helping protect vulnerable populations, such as African-American and elderly patients, who have a prevalence of vitamin D deficiency.Why is no government leader recommend vitamin D or zinc?With research like this clearly showing a drastic reduction in mortality from a simple, low-cost and very safe supplement that’s widely available right now, it begs the question: Why isn’t anyone in government recommending nutrition as a way to protect public health while we attempt to reopen the economy?Even worse, why are governors restricting people from going to the beach where they generate vitamin D for free as they are absorbing healing sunlight? That’s the beauty of vitamin D: Your body makes it at no charge, but not if you’re locked down in your own home, which seems to be part of the big plan to cause mass suffering and death.President Trump is pushing hard for 300 million doses of a vaccine by the end of the year, but he completely fails to mention vitamin D and zinc. These solutions could be saving lives right now, and they don’t need months (or years) or testing, since they have a long track record of safe, effective use (and are incredibly affordable).The real answer, of course, is that Big Pharma doesn’t want people to stay healthy with nutrition. They’d rather see people sick and suffering, waiting for a vaccine or another high-priced prescription drug that barely even works (like remdesivir, which saves no lives at all).And since the drug companies run the White House, the media, Big Tech and medical schools, there’s virtually no one in any position of power that’s willing to risk the ire of the drug companies by recommending safe, simple, low-cost nutritional supplements that might make drugs and vaccines obsolete.The Big Pharma scheme, you see, demands that the American people stay locked down until there’s a vaccine, at which time the entire US economy will be shattered and beyond repair.Trump should order the government to manufacture vitamin D + zinc supplements and give them away to all Americans This is why I’ve called for the government to manufacture and give away key supplements that may help prevent coronavirus infections. For a fraction of the price of the multi-trillion-dollar bailouts that have already been paid, the federal government could provide free vitamin D, zinc and vitamin C for the entire population.Health care costs would plummet across the board, and Big Pharma would lose hundreds of billions of dollars as fewer people are diagnosed with a long list of diseases and chronic conditions that are prevented through nutrition. And that’s exactly why any plan to keep America healthy will be halted by those in power. A healthy nation doesn’t need Big Pharma, and Big Pharma provides the re-election campaign money that keeps corrupt lawmakers in power. The drug cartels also provide about 70% of the ad revenue to the corrupt mainstream media, which is why the media relentlessly attacks natural remedies while pushing toxic, high-profit prescription drugs and vaccines.So to keep the gravy train rolling, they have to keep the American people locked down and sick. That’s why knowledge about nutrition is also being censored by Twitter, YouTube, Facebook and Google, among other tech platforms.That’s partly why I’ve been banned everywhere: Because I’ve been promoting nutrition and disease prevention for two decades, costing the drug giants hundreds of millions of dollars in lost revenues.You absolutely must watch this important mini-documentary to learn more about how Big Pharma is using the coronavirus pandemic to enslave the human race and trap people in a cycle of disease and harmful vaccinations:|0
a study by two Chinese scientists that suggested that the virus originated a military lab in Wuhan|0
There is no specific antiviral treatment recommended for COVID-19 infection; however, people infected with the virus should receive supportive care to help relieve symptoms.|1
If you saw the 2011 movie “Contagion,” about a worldwide pandemic of a new virus, then you’ve heard the term “R0.”Pronounced “R naught,” this isn’t just jargon made up in Hollywood. It represents an important concept in epidemiology and is a crucial part of public health planning during an outbreak, like the current coronavirus pandemic that’s spread globally since it was first identified in China.Scientists use R0 – the reproduction number – to describe the intensity of an infectious disease outbreak. R0 estimates have been an important part of characterizing pandemics or large publicized outbreaks, including the 2003 SARS pandemic, the 2009 H1N1 influenza pandemic and the 2014 Ebola epidemic in West Africa. It’s something epidemiologists are racing to nail down about SARS-CoV-2, the virus that causes COVID-19.How much will a disease spread?The formal definition of a disease’s R0 is the number of cases, on average, an infected person will cause during their infectious period.The term is used in two different ways.The basic reproduction number represents the maximum epidemic potential of a pathogen. It describes what would happen if an infectious person were to enter a fully susceptible community, and therefore is an estimate based on an idealized scenario.The effective reproduction number depends on the population’s current susceptibility. This measure of transmission potential is likely lower than the basic reproduction number, based on factors like whether some of the people are vaccinated against the disease, or whether some people have immunity due to prior exposure with the pathogen. Therefore, the effective R0 changes over time and is an estimate based on a more realistic situation within the population.It’s important to realize that both the basic and effective R0 are situation-dependent. It’s affected by the properties of the pathogen, such as how infectious it is. It’s affected by the host population – for instance, how susceptible people are due to nutritional status or other illnesses that may compromise one’s immune system. And it’s affected by the environment, including things like demographics, socioeconomic and climatic factors.For example, R0 for measles ranges from 12 to 18, depending on factors like population density and life expectancy. This is a large R0, mainly because the measles virus is highly infectious.On the other hand, the influenza virus is less infectious, with its R0 ranging from 0.9 to 2.1. Influenza, therefore, does not cause the same explosive outbreaks as measles, but it persists due to its ability to mutate and evade the human immune system.What makes R0 useful in public health?Demographer Alfred Lotka proposed the reproduction number in the 1920s, as a measure of the rate of reproduction in a given population.In the 1950s, epidemiologist George MacDonald suggested using it to describe the transmission potential of malaria. He proposed that, if R0 is less than 1, the disease will die out in a population, because on average an infectious person will transmit to fewer than one other susceptible person. On the other hand, if R0 is greater than 1, the disease will spread.When public health agencies are figuring out how to deal with an outbreak, they are trying to bring R0 down to less than 1. This is tough for diseases like measles that have a high R0. It is especially challenging for measles in densely populated regions like India and China, where R0 is higher, compared to places where people are more spread out.For the SARS pandemic in 2003, scientists estimated the original R0 to be around 2.75. A month or two later, the effective R0 dropped below 1, thanks to the tremendous effort that went into intervention strategies, including isolation and quarantine activities.However, the pandemic continued. While on average, an infectious person transmitted to fewer than one susceptible individual, occasionally one person transmitted to tens or even hundreds of other cases. This phenomenon is called super spreading. Officials documented super spreader events a number of times during the SARS epidemic in Singapore, Hong Kong and Beijing.R0 for coronavirus SARS-CoV-2. A number of groups have estimated R0 for this new coronavirus. The Imperial College group has estimated R0 to be somewhere between 1.5 and 3.5. Most modeling simulations that project future cases are using R0s in that range.These differences are not surprising; there’s uncertainty about many of the factors that go into estimating R0, such as in estimating the number of cases, especially early on in an outbreak.Based on these current estimates, projections of the future number of cases of coronavirus are fraught with high levels of uncertainty and will likely be somewhat inaccurate.The difficulties arise for a number of reasons.First, the basic properties of this viral pathogen – like the infectious period – are as yet unknown.Second, researchers don’t know how many mild cases or infections that don’t result in symptoms have been missed by surveillance but nevertheless are spreading the disease.Third, the majority of people who come down with this new coronavirus do recover, and are likely then immune to coming down with it again. It’s unclear how the changing susceptibility of the population will affect the future spread of infection. As the virus moves into new regions and communities, it encounters people with varying health conditions that affect their susceptibility to disease, as well as different social structures, both of which affect its transmissibility.Finally, and likely the most important reason, no one knows the future impacts of current disease control measures. Epidemiologists’ current estimates of R0 say nothing about how measures such as travel restrictions, social distancing and self-quarantine efforts will influence the virus’s continued spread.|1
No. There is no evidence that regularly rinsing the nose with saline has protected people from infection with the new coronavirus. There is some limited evidence that regularly rinsing nose with saline can help people recover more quickly from the common cold. However, regularly rinsing the nose has not been shown to prevent respiratory infections.|1
Boil weed and ginger for Covid-19 victims, the virus will vanish|0
The pShuttle-SN vector was designed by researchers seeking to develop a potential SARS vaccine. However, the 2019 novel coronavirus does not contain a sequence from the pShuttle-SN vector as claimed. There is no evidence supporting the claim that 2019-nCoV is man-made.The article containing this claim was published in early February 2020 and went viral on Facebook within days, receiving more than 23,000 interactions and 900,000 views on Facebook. Published by InfoWars, it states that the 2019 novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) is man-made and that this is proven by the presence of a “pShuttle-SN” sequence in the viral genome. Identical or similar claims have been repeated in outlets such as Natural News and The HighWire.The claim is based on another article published on 30 January 2020 and authored by James Lyons-Weiler who formerly worked at the University of Pittsburgh as a bioinformatician. Lyons-Weiler claimed that a gene sequence in the 2019-nCoV genome, which he named INS1378, is similar to part of the sequence of the pShuttle-SN expression vector. pShuttle-SN was created in a laboratory as part of an effort to produce a potential SARS vaccine[1]. Based on this observation, he posited that 2019-nCoV was a man-made virus that arose from the SARS vaccine experiments.Experts who examined Lyons-Weiler’s hypothesis found it to be scientifically unsound. Aaron Irving, a virologist and senior research fellow at Duke-NUS Medical School, pointed out that the similarity between INS1378 and pShuttle-SN is actually low, with only a 67% match between the DNA sequences. Lyons-Weiler acknowledged this finding in his article, but InfoWars and other outlets did not.In fact, conducting a multiple sequence alignment of INS1378 against all sequences in the National Center for Biotechnology Information database demonstrates that INS1378 has a much higher similarity to bat coronaviruses than to pShuttle-SN, which does not even appear in the list of 100 closest matches. This result thereby refutes Lyons-Weiler’s suggestion that the “unique sequence” in 2019-nCoV is more strongly related to pShuttle-SN than to other coronaviruses. The screenshot below shows the results of the multiple sequence alignment, which lists the first 30 most similar sequences to INS1378.Steven Salzburg, a computational biologist and professor at Johns Hopkins School of Medicine, highlighted that “the two aligned sequences are distantly related, but this would argue against [Lyons-Weiler’s] claim. If the insert came from a commercial vector, it would be near-identical.”In short, Lyons-Weiler’s analysis does not support his claim that 2019-nCoV is a laboratory-engineered virus or that the virus is linked to a SARS vaccine. Inaccurate interpretation of his analysis by InfoWars and other outlets have further compounded the scientific errors, resulting in an inaccurate and highly misleading report.Aaron T. Irving, Senior Research Fellow, Duke-NUS Medical School:The original blog post by James Lyons-Weiler lists 4 options for how 2019-nCoV originated. He rejects options 1 and 2 [which state that 2019-nCoV arose naturally] as he is not an expert in virus evolution and so disregards the valid science. Option 3 is kind of crazy and completely irrelevant; SARS and 2019-nCoV are only BSL3 pathogens so it doesn’t even matter if Wuhan has a BSL-4 lab.Lyons-Weiler suggests option 4 to be most likely. Option 4 shows that the “INS1378” insert in 2019-nCoV has homology to pShuttle-SN, a vector used in an attempt to create a SARS vaccine. This is normal and expected, since it is based on SARS-CoV. He even states himself there is “low sequence homology” with only a 67% match (for this insert) at the nucleic acid level (as shown in the screenshots).He also looks at a partial protein sequence from this insert where there is only a “62% identity” to SARS-CoV and a “70% identity” to a bat SARS-like virus. Alex Jones of InfoWars incorrectly interpreted the “92% query cover” as homology when in fact it means only 92% matched (at 62% homology) and 8% of this protein chunk has no match at all.They claim this as a statement from Lyons-Weiler when it is actually their own poor reporting. Indeed, when you perform BLAST on the insert as provided in Lyons-Weiler’s link—and “blast” it against everything in the NCBI database (with dissimilar/low homology options included), the pShuttle-SN result is not even in the top 100 results (limit of BLAST results) due to the really low homology. There is no other mention of any of the other 100 results which include bat SARS-like viruses and SARS itself, all more homologous then the vaccine attempt. This is just another example of poor science and people showing only part of the result, possibly to suit their own agenda.READ MORE.Lyons-Weiler’s analysis has also been criticized by other experts in this article by FactCheck.org and another article by Science-Based Medicine.We reviewed a similar claim regarding “HIV insertions” in 2019-nCoV, which was also found to be inaccurate.|1
Gates wants us microchipped and Fauci wants us to carry vax certificates. Did you NAZI that coming??|0
Methanol, ethanol, and bleach are poisons. Drinking them can lead to disability and death. Methanol, ethanol, and bleach are sometimes used in cleaning products to kill the virus on surfaces – however you should never drink them. They will not kill the virus in your body and they will harm your internal organs.To protect yourself against COVID-19, disinfect objects and surfaces, especially the ones you touch regularly. You can use diluted bleach or alcohol for that. Make sure you clean your hands frequently and thoroughly and avoid touching your eyes, mouth and nose.|1
Heads of our entire HHS [Department of Health and Human Services] colluded and destroyed my reputation and the Department of Justice and the [Federal Bureau of Investigation] sat on it, and kept that case under seal.[Fauci] directed the cover-up. And in fact, everybody else was paid off, and paid off big time, millions of dollars in funding from Tony Fauci and … the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases. These investigators that committed the fraud, continue to this day to be paid big time by the NIAID.It started really when I was 25 years old, and I was part of the team that isolated HIV from the saliva and blood of the patients from France where [virologist Luc] Montagnier had originally isolated the virus. … Fauci holds up the publication of the paper for several months while Robert Gallo writes his own paper and takes all the credit, and of course patents are involved. This delay of the confirmation, you know, literally led to spreading the virus around, you know, killing millions.And they’ll kill millions, as they already have with their vaccines. There is no vaccine currently on the schedule for any RNA virus that works. Oh, absolutely not. In fact vaccine is immune therapy, just like interferon alpha is immune therapy, so I’m not antivaccine. My job is to develop immune therapies. That’s what vaccines are.I wouldn’t use the word created. But you can’t say naturally occurring if it was by way of the laboratory. So it’s very clear this virus was manipulated. This family of viruses was manipulated and studied in a laboratory where the animals were taken into the laboratory, and this is what was released, whether deliberate or not. That cannot be naturally occurring. Somebody didn’t go to a market, get a bat, the virus didn’t jump directly to humans. That’s not how it works. That’s accelerated viral evolution. If it was a natural occurrence, it would take up to 800 years to occur. Oh yeah, I’m sure it occurred between the North Carolina laboratories, Fort Detrick, the U.S. Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases, and the Wuhan laboratory.Italy has a very old population. They’re very sick with inflammatory disorders. They got at the beginning of 2019 an untested new form of influenza vaccine that had four different strains of influenza, including the highly pathogenic H1N1. That vaccine was grown in a cell line, a dog cell line. Dogs have lots of coronaviruses.Wearing the mask literally activates your own virus. You’re getting sick from your own reactivated coronavirus expressions, and if it happens to be SARS-CoV-2, then you’ve got a big problem.Why would you close the beach? You’ve got sequences in the soil, in the sand. You’ve got healing microbes in the ocean in the salt water. That’s insanity.|0
Ms. N lives in Wuhan, China. She takes special care about the well-being of her entire family including her chronically-ill mother, aged 71. Ms. N has always been interested in nutrition and she recently learned about vitamin C's antiviral effects.I am an American physician currently residing in Shanghai. I interviewed Ms. N by telephone after I received a forwarded story that she posted on Chinese social media, WeChat. I made an effort to connect with Ms. N to verify the story and below is what she told me.Ms. N lives with her child in the epicenter of COVID-19 pandemic. She is close to her parents and her brother and his wife. The six of them visit each other on a regular basis. Her mother has diabetes and heart disease with stents placed, in addition to several other chronic illnesses including reflux esophagitis.Right before the Chinese New Year, around January 21st, her mother developed flu-like symptoms, with a low grade fever of 38C. Based on her knowledge. Ms. N advised all members of the family to take oral vitamin C. She herself has been taking about 20,000 mg daily in divided-up doses. Her mother reluctantly took a smaller dose, probably half or less of what her daughter's been taking.Her mother's condition was stable for 9-10 days. But on January 30th, without deteriorating, her mother decided to go to Wuhan Union Hospital, Tongji College of Medicine, The Science and Technology University of Central China, a hospital prominent not only in Wuhan, but in all of China. She wanted to check out if she was infected with the Wuhan pneumonia virus. She got her presumption confirmed. At the hospital, she was diagnosed of what became known now as Covid-19 pneumonia. The second day upon admission, her fever started going up, as high as 39.6C. In about 10 days on February 10th she was admitted to the Intensive Care Unit and went on the heart-lung machine as a final attempt to save her life.At this time Ms. N learned of the clinical trials with vitamin C, administered by infusion (IVC; intravenous vitamin C). Immediately she requested the person in charge on the ICU to use large dose IVC on her mother. The attending physician agreed but would go only to around 10,000 mg. So it happened. After 20 days in ICU, her mother improved and was discharged to a regular ward a few days ago, continuing the IVC treatment, as insisted by Ms. N.While in hospital, Miss N, her brother and sister-in-law took turns to visit and take care of her mother. They were wearing very simple protection: gloves and masks. Also noted is that while her mother got sick at home, none of the five other family members was wearing any mask for several days. But all of them went on oral vitamin C tablets. None of them developed COVID-19 infection.So far this is the story of Ms. N. We wish her mother a full and rapid recovery.In the context of the vast amount of research, clinical studies, case reports and my own decades of experience on vitamin C's use on viral infections, I summarize the story below with a few take-home messages:Vitamin C tablets at high doses daily may be the reason why the family didn't catch the infection.Given her age, history of chronic disease, and the high mortality of COVID-19 on seniors, IVC may have played a large role in her mother's improvement.The news of official IVC clinical trials has definitely had a positive impact in this case, as the attending physician was emboldened to use IVC. A well-functioning immune system is of the utmost importance to keep away the viral infection. And, vitamin C may support the defense against the COVID-19 virus, most importantly in chronically ill patients with a weakened immune system.(Note from Andrew W. Saul, OMNS Editor-in-Chief: Dr. Richard Cheng is still in China now. He continues to work overtime with expert Chinese doctors and hospitals to facilitate providing intravenous vitamin C for the most seriously ill COVID-19 victims. For background information on the plausibility of treating coronavirus with high-dose vitamin C|0
People who are older and older people with chronic medical conditions, especially cardiovascular disease, high blood pressure, diabetes, and lung disease are more likely to have severe disease or death from COVID-19, and should engage in strict social distancing without delay. This is also the case for people or who are immunocompromised because of a condition or treatment that weakens their immune response.The decision to provide on-site help with your children and grandchildren is a difficult one. If there is an alternative to support their needs without being there, that would be safest.|1
Fruits and vegetables are important components of a healthy diet. Wash them the same way you should do under any circumstance: before handling them, wash your hands with soap and water. Then, wash fruits and vegetables thoroughly with clean water, especially if you eat them raw.|1
Coronaviruses are a large family of viruses which may cause illness in animals or humans.  In humans, several coronaviruses are known to cause respiratory infections ranging from the common cold to more severe diseases such as Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS) and Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS). The most recently discovered coronavirus causes coronavirus disease COVID-19.|1
Anyone 60 years or older is considered to be at higher risk for getting very sick from COVID-19. This is true whether or not you also have an underlying medical condition, although the sickest individuals and most of the deaths have been among people who were both older and had chronic medical conditions, such as heart disease, lung problems or diabetes.The CDC suggests the following measures for those who are at higher risk:Obtain several weeks of medications and supplies in case you need to stay home for prolonged periods of time.Take everyday precautions to keep space between yourself and others.When you go out in public, keep away from others who are sick, limit close contact, and wash your hands often.Avoid crowds.Avoid cruise travel and nonessential air travel.During a COVID-19 outbreak in your community, stay home as much as possible to further reduce your risk of being exposed.|1
Vaccines against pneumonia, such as pneumococcal vaccine and Haemophilus influenza type B (Hib) vaccine, only help protect people from these specific bacterial infections. They do not protect against any coronavirus pneumonia, including pneumonia that may be part of COVID-19. However, even though these vaccines do not specifically protect against the coronavirus that causes COVID-19, they are highly recommended to protect against other respiratory illnesses.|1
Be understing, a Japanese doctor offers excellent advice on preventing COVID-19. New Coronavirus may not show symptoms for several days (14-27 days). How can one know if a person is infected? By the time he has a fever and / or a cough and goes to the lung hospital, the patient may have 50% fibrosis,and then, its too late! Taiwanese experts provide simple self-monitoring that we can do every morning. Take a deep breath and hold your breath for more than 10 seconds. If you can do this successfully without coughing and without difficulty, without anxiety and chest tightness,it shows that you do not have fibrosis and generally indicate no infection. Check yourself every morning in a fresh air environment. The Japanese physician treating COVID-19 provides the best advice on preventing this: Everyone should make sure the mouth and throat are always moist.Drink some water every 15 minutes. Why not? Even if the virus gets into your mouth, drinking water or other fluids will help wash it down the esophagus into the stomach. When the virus is in the stomach, the hydrochloric acid in your stomach will kill the germs. If you do not drink enough water regularly, the virus can enter the airways and into your lungs, which is very dangerous to get.|0
coronavirus is the result of poisoning caused by 5G.|0
CORONAVIRUS chaos appeared to come out of the blue as the illness has swiftly impacted countries all over the world. However, it has emerged that scientists warned about a new deadly virus long ago, deeming it a remote threat at the time and dubbing it "Disease X".The World Health Organisation released a report in 2017 in which various pathogens that posed a risk and needed addressing were listed. Featuring among the threats were Nipah disease, which causes a range of illnesses from asymptomatic infection to acute respiratory illness and fatal encephalitis (inflammation of the brain). The list was comprised of viruses which had no known treatments or vaccines, and all had the potential to trigger pandemics that could kill thousands – just as Ebola and swine flu did in previous years.But later on, a new illness was added: Disease X.The mysterious name referred to “a serious international epidemic caused by a pathogen currently unknown”.It added that humanity should now be working to seek out and tackle unknown diseases, but assumed they would remain a remote threat for some time.The recent outbreak of coronavirus – known as Covid-19 – bears similarities to the description of Disease X and suggests that researchers underestimated the danger of an enigmatic virus they the likes they warned of three years earlier.As the NHS highlights, coronavirus' main symptoms include a cough, a high temperature and shortness of breath.While scientists have been able to flag various illnesses as potential threats, some have argued that the research has been negligent in some areas, allowing the coronavirus breakout to occur under the radar.Dr Josie Golding, epidemics lead at the Wellcome Trust said: “World health authorities have spent a lot of time and money making plans for dealing with the next major outbreak, which was assumed would be an influenza pandemic. A lot of investment has gone into making influenza vaccines, for example.“But have we been thinking about diseases other than influenza that might become pandemics? I don’t think we have. There has been a real gap in our thinking."We just didn’t envisage a Disease X emerging on the scale we had seen with an influenza pandemic. We will do that in future.”The death toll from the coronavirus outbreak in mainland China reached 1,770 as of the end of Sunday, up by 105 from the previous day.At least 100 of the new deaths were from the province of Hubei, the epicentre of the epidemic, the Commission said on Monday morning.Across the country, there were 2,048 new confirmed infections, about 1,933 from Hubei alone, pushing the new total to 70,548.But there are fears that Africa, a continent yet to be heavily impacted by the chaos, could be extremely vulnerable should the illness arrive on its shores.Given that healthcare resources in many of the countries are scarce, and infrastructure pales in comparison to more developed countries, the death toll could rise significantly if the continent becomes affected.The epicentre of the pandemic is in Wuhan, China, and given that the country has grown its political and economic links to a number of African countries, people in places such as Nigeria and South Africa are especially at risk.Other nations among the 13 labelled as more vulnerable than most include Kenya and the Democratic Republic of the Congo, leading the World Health Organisation to mark these areas as high priority.Trade moving between China and Africa accumulated more than £150billion in 2018, figures from the China-Africa Research Initiative at Johns Hopkins University School of Advanced International Studies shows.The closer political and economic ties between Beijing and the continent mean that Africa could be vulnerable in the future.|0
The new coronavirus pandemic would not have started if we didn’t farm and eat animals. the one thing they all have in common is that they started because of our exploitation of animals.COVID-19 would not exist if the world was vegan. Your personal choice to eat animals impacts every living being on this planet. Of course, many zoonotic diseases are unrelated to our exploitation of animals, and being vegan wouldn’t completely eliminate all of them, (Zika virus) being a prime example.|0
We doctors and psychotherapists oriented towards environmental medicine see a connection between radio interference, immunodeficiency and global epidemic.We call for drastically reducing the burden of high-frequency exposure that is spreading worldwide,The inhabitants of the globe are currently experiencing an extensive wave of diseases due to the SARS Corona Virus 2. Elderly people (with often deficient vital substances) and those with previous illnesses or with a weakened immune system (e.g. due to the vitamin D deficiency, which is particularly prevalent in winter and spring) are particularly at risk. The losses in human life and the consequences for the economy and employees due to the politically prescribed massive contact restrictions cannot be estimated, nor can the psychosocial consequences.We, the undersigned doctors and psychotherapists, consider two other factors to be significant in addition to the above. In addition to the degree of infectivity of the virus, the susceptibility of the “host” plays a role, that is, specifically how well the immune system works and whether specific virus antibodies are missing or have already been formed. In prevention and therapy, the most important thing is to prevent a weakening of the immune system and, in addition, to strengthen the immune system therapeutically. Immune system damage occurs, for example, from widespread toxins, malnutrition, some medications, air pollution and certain lifestyle factors (alcohol, nicotine). In addition, there have been new harmful environmental influences for the past two decades, the effects of which we have seen more and more frequently in our medical and psychotherapeutic work. It is about the constant exposure to mobile communications (cell phones and smartphones and the associated base stations) and similar technologies with pulsed radio frequency (WLAN with the frequencies 2.4 and higher than 5 GHz, DECT cordless phones, baby phones, tablets, Bluetooth, " Intelligent "measuring systems - so-called" smart meters ", radar, etc.).There is already a wealth of research results on the radio-operated devices mentioned and the previous mobile radio standards 2G (GSM), 3G (UMTS), 4G (LTE), which for the most part turned out to be unsettling. According to the opinion of many industry-independent experts, pulsed high-frequency technology is now considered to be one of the causes of numerous health problems (e.g. sleep disorders, headaches, behavioral disorders, depression and exhaustion), due to increased production of free radicals ("oxidative stress") (inter alia: Yakymenko 2016). Furthermore, scientific research is available on changes in the heart rhythm, changes in gene expression, changes in metabolism, the development of stem cells, the development of cancer, cardiovascular diseases, cognitive impairments, DNA damage, effects on general wellbeing increased number of free radicals, learning and memory deficits, impaired sperm function and quality (see the list of scientific studies in: International Scientist Appeal 2015, Appeal: Stop 5G: Firstenberg 2018). Influences of high-frequency signals on the immune system were also determined (infection cluster near base stations, Waldmann-Selsam 2005) (Grigoriev 2012, Szmigielski 2013, Moskowitz 2020). In addition to undisturbed melatonin production (Reiter, Robinson 1995), vitamin D3 is crucial for the functioning of the immune system. The docking point for vitamin D3 (vitamin D receptor, VDR) is inhibited by mobile radio so that it cannot develop its immunoregulatory effect (Kaplan 2006, Marshall 2017) . Man is a bioelectromagnetic being, the living cells have electrical potentials (in the millivolt range) on the cell membranes. Their function can be disturbed by low-frequency electrical fields and radio. A weakening of the cell membrane potential demonstrably leads to different clinical symptoms. The Radiation Protection Commission (German: SSK) had already determined in 1991 that radio radiation below the limit values increases the calcium transport through the cell membrane (SSK 1991). Independent scientists are currently discussing the existence of voltage-dependent calcium channels, which, irritated by weak electromagnetic fields, can cause negative effects in the cell (Pall 2018). In a study by the Agricultural University of Wuhan, China, Bai and colleagues report that coronaviruses in the pig's intestinal epithelium increased the influx of calcium and thus promoted virus replication; The infection can be inhibited by special drugs, the calcium channel blockers (Bai 2020). A summary of the current scientific knowledge can be found in Diagnose Funk (NGO). (Diagnose: Funk 15.04.2020). 5G is already under construction in major German cities and in individual rural regions. A letter from Transport Minister Scheuer and Environment Minister Schulze from the beginning of April clearly shows what is required of the politically responsible persons in cities, municipalities and rural districts: "You have to help find the location for the new mobile radio systems and ultimately support the planned transmitters on site" (Südkurier 2020). Three different frequency ranges are used here: around 700 megahertz (used for large events), around 3.6 gigahertz (smart cities), around 26 gigahertz (indoor supply, supply networks). (German Federal Government 2017). This increases the antenna density and thus the radiation exposure of the population many times over. We consider the introduction of 5G and the disregard for the precautionary principle, to be highly risky, as no risk assessment has been carried out, disregarding the precautionary principle, and the few existing studies show highly questionable results. The persistently repeated reference by the industry and the authorities to the supposedly “safe limit values”, which were laid down in the 26th BImSchV, is misleading. The ICNIRP eV (International Commission on Non-Ionizing Radiation Protection), on whose recommendation to politicians the limit values are based, is biased because of its proximity to industry (ICNIRP and EPRS 2020, Starkey 2016 on SCENIHR 2015). The limit values relate only to short-term warming by mobile radio and do not offer protection to the population. In our view, the current situation with the dangerous SARS coronavirus requires decisive action.We doctors again appeal to all those responsible in government and healthcare:Stop 5G!Reduce the ubiquitous forced radiation of the population! Educate the population comprehensively about the harmful effects of mobile radio and the other high-frequency technologies mentioned here! Stop the dominant influence of the ICNIRP and the mobile radio lobby on the radiation protection commission, federal office for radiation protection and government! Instead of promoting state-of-the-art cell phone expansion and the cell phone industry, as before, it is now a top priority to support the health of the population, their ability to work and care by all means.For the health of all of us!|0
With the United States facing a serious coronavirus outbreak, it’s natural to wonder whether you’ll get the respiratory illness and what you can do about it. Hundreds of thousands of cases and thousands of deaths have been reported in the US. But due to a lack of widespread testing, it’s likely the outbreak is even bigger.As evidence of widespread unreported cases, Marc Lipsitch, director of the Center for Communicable Disease Dynamics at the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health, pointed on Twitter to the CDC’s National Influenza Surveillance Report, which regularly tracks symptoms similar to those of Covid-19. He noted that symptoms such as fever, coughs, and sore throats have been trending up, while confirmed flu cases are going down. (Common symptoms of the flu and Covid-19 are similar.)As the coronavirus spreads, it’s become a nationwide crisis that’s beginning to severely strain our health care system. Older adults and chronically ill are particularly susceptible to severe Covid-19 illness, and tens or hundreds of thousands of them could require hospitalization in the coming weeks and months. So we need to take collective measures now to protect ourselves and others. Here’s what you need to know:1) How do I get Covid-19?There are a lot of acronyms floating around, so first, just know that the SARS-CoV-2 virus (the coronavirus) causes the disease Covid-19. The virus is most commonly spread by close contact with infected people who are within 6 feet of each other. When they cough or sneeze, they send droplets into the air, where they can land in the mouths or noses of people who are nearby, or possibly get inhaled into the lungs. Droplets containing the virus can also land on surfaces and objects where the virus can survive for some time.According to a preprint paper (a study that hasn’t yet been peer-reviewed) from researchers at the National Institutes of Health, Princeton, and UCLA who studied the novel coronavirus in a lab, it can survive for up to 24 hours on cardboard and for up to two or three days on plastic and stainless steel. (Another study suggests it can stay infectious for up to nine days.)The danger of infection here is touching one of these surfaces and then touching your eyes, nose, or mouth. The CDC, however, says that “this is not thought to be the main way the virus spreads.”Some diseases, like measles, can also be transmitted through aerosols, meaning that when someone coughs, tiny droplets filled with virus linger in the air, sometimes for hours, where others can breathe them in. Currently, there’s limited evidence of the coronavirus being transmitted this way, but it’s worth noting. One preprint found the virus in aerosol form in hospitals in Wuhan, and others agree that there is a higher risk of doctors and nurses being infected through aerosols. There’s also growing evidence of fecal-oral transmission, meaning you can ingest the virus shed in feces through inadequate hand-washing or contaminated food and water.The good news is that transmission can be prevented. Good personal hygiene and social distancing can be very effective. “I’m not one of those people who normally goes crazy about hand-washing,” says Megan Murray, an infectious disease specialist and professor of global health at the Harvard School of Public Health. “Now I really am, because that will help reduce [the] virus on your hands.”Washing your hands frequently and carefully for at least 20 seconds is better than using hand sanitizer because it actually destroys the chemical structure of the virus. Any old soap will break the virus’s outer coating, and you don’t need special antibacterial soap. If soap and water aren’t available, use hand sanitizer with 60 percent alcohol (no, this doesn’t include Tito’s vodka).New research suggests that people may be most infectious early in the disease (and even before symptoms start), meaning that as soon as you start to feel ill, it’s important to self-isolate. You don’t need to be coughing to be contagious; the linked preprint suggests that somewhere between 48 and 66 percent of 91 people in a Singapore cluster were infected by someone without symptoms.This makes taking precautions now — like canceling your travel plans and social gatherings— even more important. The effectiveness of widespread travel bans, especially when community transmission is already occurring, is being hotly debated, but in general, minimizing social contact is the best method of prevention.Avoid handshakes or hugs with people who’ve been out and about, and whenever possible, stay at least 6 feet away from others. This includes minimizing or avoiding play dates, sleepovers, shared meals, going out to eat, and visits to friends’ and family members’ homes.Also important to know is that according to one study from China, around 25 percent of all cases may originate in people who have no symptoms — another reason social distancing measures are so important.2) Oops, I think I touched my face. What are the symptoms of Covid-19?The most common symptoms of Covid-19 are a fever, seen in almost 90 percent of patients, as well as a dry cough and shortness of breath. A study of 71 patients in China also suggests that a significant portion of coronavirus patients experience diarrhea, nausea, or vomiting, sometimes before respiratory symptoms begin. The World Health Organization (WHO) says these symptoms typically come on gradually.Around 80 percent of Covid-19 cases are reportedly “mild,” but as James Hamblin of the Atlantic noted, that word can be misleading:As the World Health Organization adviser Bruce Aylward clarified last week, a “mild” case of COVID-19 is not equivalent to a mild cold. Expect it to be much worse: fever and coughing, sometimes pneumonia—anything short of requiring oxygen. “Severe” cases require supplemental oxygen, sometimes via a breathing tube and a ventilator. “Critical” cases involve “respiratory failure or multi-organ failure.”The incubation period before symptoms appear ranges from one to 14 days, but the median is 5.1 days. If you’ve been around someone who has a confirmed diagnosis of Covid-19 or displays its symptoms, the most responsible thing to do is to self-quarantine for two weeks.But I’m young and healthy. Do I really need to worry about getting sick or spreading the virus to others?Yes, you do.The reason is that social distancing works best if everyone — young and old, healthy and infirm — practices it. No one has immunity, and everyone can get sick and spread the virus to others.“The more young and healthy people are sick at the same time, the more old people will be sick, and the more pressure there will be on the health care system,” Emily Landon, an infectious disease specialist and hospital epidemiologist at the University of Chicago Medical Center, told Vox’s Eliza Barclay and Dylan Scott.Without protective measures, one person on average infects 2.5 others, and cases will spread exponentially. That means hospitals and medical staff will quickly become overwhelmed. At least 5 percent of Covid-19 patients may need intensive care, and many require hospitalization for weeks.Even if you’re not at a statistically higher risk of dying from Covid-19, it’s important to “flatten the curve” and adopt social distancing measures immediately to prevent the most deaths.Also, just being young and healthy is not a guarantee of mild illness. The epicenter of New Jersey’s outbreak of Covid-19, Holy Name Medical Center, had 11 confirmed Covid-19 cases on March 14, six of which were in the ICU, with ages ranging from 28 to 48.4) I have a fever (or a dry cough). What should I do?If you have one or more symptoms of the new coronavirus, call your doctor. If you are older or have underlying medical conditions, it’s even more important to call your doctor, even if you have only mild symptoms, according to the CDC. Before you go to your doctor’s office, Murray says you should call ahead so that medical staff can wear the appropriate protective gear and be ready to help take care of you without exposing others. Many health care facilities are requesting that you wear a mask if you have symptoms and are going in for testing.Your doctor will determine whether you should be tested; if a test is ordered, you can expect a nasopharyngeal swab, where a tiny Q-tip is put up your nose a few inches — not a fun procedure, but it doesn’t hurt. It’s then sent to a lab and put through a process called a polymerase chain reaction, which detects specific genetic material within the virus. How long it takes to get results back varies, but in the US, it’s currently taking a few days. Covid-19 testing is free for patients, regardless of whether they have insurance. Treatment fees and other costs are possible, though many insurers have waived cost-sharing for treatment.Many people who know they’ve been exposed are currently having difficulty actually getting tested. Flynn says her colleague developed similar symptoms after sharing a cab with CPAC participants, a conference in DC where multiple people fell sick from Covid-19.That’s true even in Covid-19 hot spots. Helen Teixeria, a resident of Redmond, a suburb of Seattle, one of the nation’s outbreak epicenters, says she woke up last week with a tight chest, fever, and a dry cough.First, she called the King County hotline and was told to call her primary care provider. Her doctor told her to go to the emergency room, where the hospital didn’t follow standard isolation protocol and medical staff did not wear basic protective gear. Teixeria said she was unable to get a Covid-19 test because they were being tightly rationed for high-risk and hospitalized patients. Nor was she allowed to get a two-view chest X-ray “so that I didn’t contaminate the X-ray room,” she says. A sympathetic nurse eventually slipped her off-the-record information on a private clinic where she might be able to get a Covid-19 test next week.I’m definitely sick and still waiting to be tested. What else should I do?After you call your doctor, stay home, says Tom Frieden, former director of the CDC. It sounds like overly simple advice, but it’s the best thing you can do. Next, you should self-isolate, including staying away from anyone you live with.If you’re not in one of the CDC’s high-risk categories, trying to see your doctor may actually expose you further. “The single place you’re most likely to encounter people with coronavirus is the hospital, so that’s the last place you want to be if you’re afraid of getting infected,” Murray says. And if, in your quest to get tested, you go to multiple health care centers, you’ll be exposing health care workers in each location.If you think you might have Covid-19 — and frankly, even if you don’t, so that you avoid possibly spreading it before you have symptoms — avoid all public areas. This means don’t go to school or work, and try to avoid taking public transportation, including ride-hailing services like Uber, Lyfts, and taxis.If you don’t have adequate supplies at home, consider asking friends or family to make a delivery to your door rather than going out yourself. Don’t let friends come visit while you’re recuperating; instead, stay connected by phone or online.What’s the best way to take care of myself at home?“Self-care [for coronavirus] is very similar to other upper respiratory infections,” says Elisa Choi, an infectious disease and internal medicine specialist in the Boston area. Over-the-counter medications, like cough suppressants, can help minimize coughing episodes, and expectorants can help you cough stuff up.Pain relievers and fever reducers like acetaminophen (brand name Tylenol) can help treat muscle aches and reduce fevers. Out of an abundance of caution, WHO on March 18 began recommending that people with Covid-19 symptoms avoid taking ibuprofen, but then reversed course. Some scientists say there’s not much data to back this.“There are multiple assumptions that are made with that hypothesis that can’t be made without being tested,” Angela Rasmussen, a research scientist at Columbia University’s Center for Infection and Immunity, told Vox. “To my knowledge there’s no evidence that ibuprofen makes [Covid-19] worse.”Choi also urges using common sense to manage symptoms. “If you’re feeling congestion, you can try taking a hot shower or steam,” she says. “Sleep and water are always good advice.” The CDC says that “drinking enough water every day is generally good for your overall health.”Choi and other medical professionals warn against circulating misinformation about supposed home remedies, such as what’s happening with an email erroneously claiming to be from Stanford. These “remedies” include holding your breath without coughing and keeping your mouth moist. Many of these ideas are unproven, and some can be dangerous. (For example, you can overdose on zinc.)“This is really a time to stick with the facts,” Choi says. “Stay away from things that are being promoted for sale without a known background.” She recommends always checking with your doctor if you have questions about the veracity of a particular source. The CDC and WHO, as well as your local and state public health departments, are good sources of updated, verified information.7) If I’m sick, how do I protect the people I live with?Choi says that suspected or confirmed Covid-19 patients should stay in their own room and (ideally) not share a bathroom.“They should try to stay as far away as possible from anyone else in the household, and at least 6 feet,” she added. If you do share a bathroom, avoid being in the room at the same time as anyone else. The WHO found that most of the transmission in China was between family members.If the sick person feels up to it, ideally they should be the one to disinfect the bathroom after they use it. If your living situation doesn’t allow you to isolate yourself from others in your home, tell your doctor and/or health department.The CDC has a complete guide to disinfecting commonly touched surfaces like “counters, tabletops, doorknobs, bathroom fixtures, toilets, phones, keyboards, tablets, and bedside tables,” and it recommends doing so every day. You can use one of the approved products or make your own, like adding four teaspoons of bleach to a quart of water. The CDC also recommends wearing gloves when touching possibly infected items, like used clothing or bedding, as well as when disinfecting commonly used surfaces. When you’ve finished, throw the gloves directly in the garbage — and then wash your hands.Choi suggests washing your hands frequently to protect others in your household, and covering your nose and mouth when you cough or sneeze with a tissue that you throw directly into the garbage. If you’re feeling ill, don’t share cups, utensils, dish or bath towels, toothpaste, bedding — or anything else — with anyone. The coronavirus can stick around on surfaces for several days.8) When should I seek additional medical care?Choi recommends closely monitoring your symptoms. “It’s less about a number and more about the progression,” she says. Generally, a low-grade fever is considered less than 100.4, but older people are generally less likely to mount a fever response. The main thing to watch for is symptoms getting worse. For example, if you initially have a mild cough but start to have prolonged bouts, or if coughing becomes painful, she recommends calling your doctor again.The CDC says that you should seek medical attention immediately if you have difficulty breathing or shortness of breath, persistent pain or chest pressure, an onset of confusion or the inability to stay awake, and bluish lips or face. If you do decide to go to the hospital, make sure to call ahead so the hospital can prepare to admit you without exposing others. If you already have a mask at home, this would be a good time to wear it. The CDC has recommended cloth masks for everyone but infants when in certain public settings. But medical masks should be reserved for health workers and sick people; there is a severe shortage.Know that if you do go to the hospital, there is currently no treatment for Covid-19. Remdesivir, an antiviral drug, is in clinical trials, but right now, doctors are limited to providing supportive care such as supplemental oxygen.9) How long do I have to stay isolated?While there’s still a lot we don’t know, Murray says that you should self-isolate for at least 14 days after your initial symptoms. (There have been a few reports of patients shedding viruses for up to 28 days, but those appear to be outliers.) This means avoiding contact with everyone. (Read Vox’s guide to self-isolation here.)For her part, Choi recommends minimizing all contact until your doctor or a public health department tells you that you are no longer contagious.10) I already have cabin fever. My kids are bouncing off the walls. And I’m so anxious I can’t sleep. Help!“Measures for pandemic control can be stressful,” Choi says, especially for people who may have challenges with being isolated. This feeling may get worse over the next few weeks, as current social-distancing measures are likely to be extended. Such measures can also cause financial hardship and stress for people who can’t work from home or won’t get paid if they don’t go to work.Many people are experiencing cognitive dissonance about the ongoing normality of their daily lives, or, conversely, experiencing very rapid change. Be kind to yourself and others if you are struggling. Whether you’re afraid of getting sick or reacting to uncertainty, financial hardship, or a lack of information, anxiety is a natural response and you are not alone.If you have preexisting mental health conditions, be aware that this may trigger new or worsening symptoms. (The Substance Abuse and Mental Health Service Administration has a 24/7 Disaster Distress Helpline, reachable at 1-800-985-5990. It also has an app with additional resources.)No matter how stressed you feel, it’s crucial not to scapegoat others. This virus is not transmitted by or infecting any particular group. “I’ve experienced anti-Asian racism myself,” says Choi, and “it’s disrespectful, hateful, and not grounded in facts.”Know that the situation is not hopeless; collectively changing behavior can go a long way toward controlling the spread of this disease. China has now closed all of its temporary hospitals as its case numbers continue to decline. But the social and economic repercussions of this pandemic may continue for months, so prepare yourself mentally for a long haul.Do the small things that are in your control, like giving yourself a break from the news — put down Twitter — and maintaining normal routines as much as possible. If you’re at home with family or roommates, find ways to give each other space. Be creative about finding ways to exercise; YouTube videos are a great resource, if you can’t get outside. Talk to your loved ones about what you and they need to stay happy and healthy.11) Can I get reinfected with Covid-19? And is it better to get sick to build herd immunity?Japan and China have both reported multiple cases of people testing positive after initially recovering. It’s unclear if these were relapses or new infections. In four medical professionals in Wuhan, a test detected the virus’s genetic material up to 13 days after they stopped having symptoms, but finding genetic material doesn’t necessarily mean you can still infect others.Once you’ve gotten sick, you might have some immunity, says Peter Hotez, dean for the National School of Tropical Medicine of the Baylor College of Medicine, but really, the jury’s still out. “We don’t know, it depends on your antibody response,” he says. (A new, encouraging preprint showed that in some monkeys, reinfection of Covid-19 does not occur.)Hotez suggests that recovered patients do seem to produce antibodies. He pointed to a new paper on the possibility of using blood from recovered patients as a treatment, or even a preventive measure for first responders.Still, recovered patients may also experience lasting effects; doctors in Hong Kong said that some recovered patients had a 20 to 30 percent drop in lung capacity. Another alarming preprint suggests some patients may have permanent kidney damage.What about building herd immunity?The UK government early on announced a strategy of allowing the virus to spread to build herd immunity, although it has since walked it back and is recommending self-isolation. For herd immunity to control Covid-19, more than 60 percent of the population will need to get the disease. The logic is that extreme lockdowns now won’t stop the virus from returning in the future, when those measures are loosened.The problem is that many people may succumb to the disease in the meantime, and that by not attempting to control the spread, hospitals and medical systems will be overwhelmed. Achieving herd immunity in the UK would require more than 47 million Britons to be infected, which could mean around hundreds of thousands would die. Immunity might also not last long enough to help, as with the flu, where new strains emerge each year. Relying on herd immunity also conflicts with WHO policy. Anthony Costello, a pediatrician and former WHO director, tweeted, “Is it ethical to adopt a policy that threatens immediate casualties on the basis of an uncertain future benefit?”There are two likely ways this pandemic will end now that the virus is so widespread: 1) So many people will get it that we’ll develop a natural herd immunity, a term that is used to describe people getting a disease and becoming immune as a result, or 2) we’ll make and widely produce an affordable vaccine. It is very unlikely that we’ll see a big decline in Covid-19 cases solely due to the weather getting warmer. Plenty of places where there is currently warm weather, like Singapore and Australia, have Covid-19 cases.There are no easy answers. “We have to recognize that we’re gonna start seeing a fair number of hospital admissions, especially ICU admissions,” Hotez says, “and we have to ask the hard questions about what treatment we can do now.” Developing a vaccine will take many months at best, which is why in the meantime, changing your behavior is so important.Ultimately, “this is a new disease, so while we’re trying to make new predictions about risk, all bets are off,” says Choi. “We’re learning as everything is evolving actively in real time.”|1
Did some research today and made this map overlay showing the new 5G towers and coronavirus outbreaks. Weird that they center around eachotherplz share, dont fall for this bs|0
COVID-19 is the disease caused by the new coronavirus that emerged in China in December 2019.COVID-19 symptoms include cough, fever, shortness of breath, muscle aches, sore throat, unexplained loss of taste or smell, diarrhea and headache. COVID-19 can be severe, and some cases have caused deathThe new coronavirus can be spread from person to person. It is diagnosed with a laboratory test.There is no coronavirus vaccine yet. Prevention involves frequent hand-washing, coughing into the bend of your elbow, staying home when you are sick and wearing a cloth face covering if you can't practice social distancing. Coronaviruses are a type of virus. There are many different kinds, and some cause disease. A newly identified type has caused a recent outbreak of respiratory illness now called COVID-19.How does the new coronavirus spread?As of now, researchers know that the new coronavirus is spread through droplets released into the air when an infected person coughs or sneezes. The droplets generally do not travel more than a few feet, and they fall to the ground (or onto surfaces) in a few seconds — this is why social and physical distancing is effective in preventing the spread.How did this new coronavirus spread to humans?COVID-19 appeared in Wuhan, a city in China, in December 2019. Although health officials are still tracing the exact source of this new coronavirus, early hypotheses thought it may be linked to a seafood market in Wuhan, China. Some people who visited the market developed viral pneumonia caused by the new coronavirus. A study that came out on Jan. 25, 2020, notes that the individual with the first reported case became ill on Dec. 1, 2019, and had no link to the seafood market. Investigations are ongoing as to how this virus originated and spread. What is the incubation period for COVID-19?It appears that symptoms are showing up in people within 14 days of exposure to the virus.What are symptoms of COVID-19?COVID-19 symptoms include:Cough.Fever.Shortness of breath. Muscle aches. Sore throat.Unexplained loss of taste or smell.Diarrhea.Headache.In rare cases, COVID-19 can lead to severe respiratory problems, kidney failure or death.If you have a fever or any kind of respiratory difficulty such as coughing or shortness of breath, call your doctor or a health care provider and explain your symptoms over the phone before going to the doctor’s office, urgent care facility or emergency room. Here are suggestions if you feel sick and are concerned you might have COVID-19.If you have a medical emergency such as severe shortness of breath, call 911 and let them know about your symptoms.Learn more about COVID-19 symptoms.How is COVID-19 diagnosed?Diagnosis may be difficult with only a physical exam because mild cases of COVID-19 may appear similar to the flu or a bad cold. A laboratory test can confirm the diagnosis. Learn more about COVID-19 testing.How is COVID-19 treated?As of now, there is not a specific treatment for the virus. People who become sick from COVID-19 should be treated with supportive measures: those that relieve symptoms. For severe cases, there may be additional options for treatment, including research drugs and therapeutics.Does COVID-19 cause death?As of May 7, 2020, 264,111 deaths have been attributed to COVID-19. However, 1,250,579 people have recovered from the illness. This information comes from the Coronavirus COVID-19 Global Cases map developed by the Johns Hopkins Center for Systems Science and Engineering.Is this coronavirus different from SARS?SARS stands for severe acute respiratory syndrome. In 2003, an outbreak of SARS started in China and spread to other countries before ending in 2004. The virus that causes COVID-19 is similar to the one that caused the 2003 SARS outbreak: both are types of coronaviruses. Much is still unknown, but COVID-19 seems to spread faster than the 2003 SARS and also may cause less severe illness.How do you protect yourself from this coronavirus?It’s crucial to practice good hygiene, respiratory etiquette and social and physical distancing. Read more about ways to protect yourself.About Coronaviruses. Coronaviruses are common in different animals. Rarely, an animal coronavirus can infect humans.There are many different kinds of coronaviruses. Some of them can cause colds or other mild respiratory (nose, throat, lung) illnesses.Other coronaviruses can cause more serious diseases, including severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) and Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS).Coronaviruses are named for their appearance: Under the microscope, the viruses look like they are covered with pointed structures that surround them like a corona, or crown.|1
The CDC believes it is likely that COVID-19 will cause a pandemic, but there are steps that the public can take to protect and prepare themselves.First, it is important to stay informed and follow instructions issued by your local or state health department and the CDC. Basic infection control measures still apply in this scenario. Practicing good handwashing techniques or using hand sanitizer, avoiding people who are ill, and staying home when you are sick are all effective measures.A pandemic could interrupt supply chains and result in closures at local businesses, meaning it may be prudent to stock reserves of critical supplies. Examples include extra prescription medications, asthma relief inhalers, over-the-counter anti-fever and pain medications, non-perishable food items, household cleaning supplies, and toiletries. However, do not hoard - this could create shortages.|1
Can Herbal Medicines Fight Wuhan Coronavirus?Research over the past two decades shows that certain herbal medicines can fight the new Wuhan coronavirus contagion. Let’s review the evidence showing that certain plant medicines can fight similar viral infections such as SARS, MERS and Ebola, and why this can also apply to the Wuhan coronavirus, Let’s review some of the current science on this coronavirus infection. Then we can discuss what plant medicines can offer.A unique collection of 33 plant lectins with different specificities were evaluated. The plant lectins possessed marked antiviral properties against both coronaviruses with EC(50) values in the lower microgram/ml range (middle nanomolar range), being non-toxic (CC(50)) at 50-100 microg/ml. The strongest anti-coronavirus activity was found predominantly among the mannose-binding lectins.Of the 33 plants tested, 15 extracts inhibited replication of both coronaviruses. Those antiviral lectins were successful in inhibiting the replication of the viruses.The 15 coronavirus-inhibiting plants were:Amaryllis (Hippeastrum hybrid), Snowdrop (Galanthus nivalis), Daffodil (Narcissus pseudonarcissus), Red spider lily (Lycoris radiate), Leek (Allium porrum), Ramsons (Allium ursinum), Taro (Colocasia esculenta), Cymbidium orchid (Cymbidium hybrid), Twayblade (Listera ovata), Broad-leaved helleborine (Epipactis helleborine), Tulip (Tulipa hybrid), Black mulberry tree (Morus Nigra), Tabacco plant (Nicotiana tabacum), Stinging nettle (Urtica dioica)|0
A documentary-style video called 'Plandemic: The Hidden Agenda Behind COVID-19' has been removed by social media platforms after peddling potentially dangerous conspiracy theories about the coronavirus pandemic.The 26-minute video has reportedly been viewed millions of times across Facebook, YouTube, Twitter and other websites despite its misleading claims, according to data from social media tracking tool BuzzSumo.The video is said to be the first part of an upcoming documentary, according to California production company Elevate Films, which did not respond to CTVNews.ca's request for comment. It consists of an interview between filmmaker Mikki Willis, whose other videos highlight conspiracy theories, and Dr. Judy Mikovits, a former scientist at the National Cancer Institute in the U.S.The documentary is about Mikovits' theories that the coronavirus pandemic was planned. In the video, she claims that the virus was created in a laboratory, that wearing masks actually makes people sick, and that flu vaccines increase people’s odds of contracting COVID-19. She also makes repeated accusations against Dr. Anthony Fauci, one of the lead members of the Trump administration's White House Coronavirus Task Force.No medical or scientific evidence exists to support these or any of Mikovits' claims in the video.LABORATORY THEORY.One of Mikovits' main claims is that the coronavirus was created and manipulated in laboratories in China and the U.S.Despite previous reports that U.S. officials were investigating the possibility that the virus was secretly manufactured in a Chinese lab, there is no scientific evidence to support those theories.A study by researchers from several public health organizations published March 17 in the journal Nature Medicine found that the virus, when tested by computer simulations, does not appear to bind well to human cells. The researchers determined that if someone wanted to create a dangerous virus capable of spreading among humans, their own simulations would show that this virus simply wouldn’t work."Our analyses clearly show that SARS-CoV-2 is not a laboratory construct or a purposefully manipulated virus," researchers wrote in the article.Scientists who have studied the virus point to bats as the likeliest source of transmission to humans, suggesting that COVID-19 was created by nature, not humans. The earliest reported cases of COVID-19 were linked to a live animal market in Wuhan that sold exotic species, bolstering this research.Mikovits also claims that COVID-19 was derived from the SARS virus. While the novel coronavirus is similar to SARS -- both originated from bats, cause respiratory illness, and spread through coughs and sneezes -- SARS-CoV-2, the virus that causes COVID-19, is a new disease, according to a study published in The Lancet.According to several independent studies, the virus's genetic structure closely resembles one that already exists in horseshoe bats in China's Hunan province.Bats have an unusually high capacity to harbour viruses, and scientists believe the virus may have spread from bats to an intermediary animal -- possibly stray dogs, snakes or pangolins -- before infecting humans.MASKS DO NOT 'ACTIVATE' THE VIRUS.In the video, Mikovits alleges that wearing a face mask can "activate" the coronavirus. She says that people who wear masks are becoming sick from their own "reactivated coronavirus expressions." There is no evidence to support this.According to health professionals, wearing a non-medical face mask may prevent the spread of the coronavirus; it does not make people more susceptible to it. Public health officials have recommended that people wear homemade face masks when they’re out in public, especially when physical distancing may be difficult, such as in grocery stores or on public transit. This is to protect others around the wearer because there is evidence the virus can be spread among asymptomatic individuals, or those who don't have any symptoms of COVID-19.HYDROXYCHLOROQUINE DEBATE.Hydroxychloroquine, an anti-malarial drug dubbed a "game changer" by U.S. President Donald Trump for its potential ability to fight the new coronavirus, was found to be no more effective than standard treatment in a small Chinese study.However, in 'Plandemic,' Mikovits repeatedly pushes it as "effective against these families of viruses."While some studies have found that hydroxychloroquine could mitigate some symptoms of COVID-19, other research has found no such evidence.Health Canada issued a warning in April of the possible side effects of the drug. In the health advisory, Health Canada said it is concerned people may be purchasing chloroquine and hydroxychloroquine to treat or prevent COVID-19 and that the drugs should not be taken unless prescribed and under supervision of a physician.Health Canada said that the drugs can lead to dizziness, fainting, seizures, liver or kidney problems, and a potentially fatal irregular heart rate.There are more than 50 studies in the works on hydroxychloroquine, including in Canada, but health officials say it is too soon to known whether the drug is a viable treatment.There is currently no accepted cure or vaccine for COVID-19.ANTI-VACCINATION ANGLE.Mikovits claims that "the flu vaccines increase the odds by 36 per cent of getting COVID-19." She backs up this claim by citing a study published in January in the peer-reviewed journal Vaccine. The study looked at personnel in the U.S. Defense Department between 2017 and 2018 and found that the odds of getting coronaviruses were greater for vaccinated officials than unvaccinated officials.However, scientists have since noted flaws in the study's experimental design. For example, the number of vaccinated individuals studied was more than twice as large as the number of those who were not vaccinated. In addition, the study tested for an unspecified "coronavirus," not SARS-CoV-2.Nowhere in the study does it say flu vaccines increase the chance of contracting the coronavirus by 36 per cent.Influenza and COVID-19 come from two different families of viruses and have no cross-effect, according to infectious disease specialist Dr. Isaac Bogoch.Bogoch told CTV's Your Morning in March that a regular flu shot will not protect nor increase one's risk against COVID-19. However, he said individuals can "optimize" the immune system by getting vaccinated for everything that they are eligible to be vaccinated for, such as influenza or bacterial pneumonias.While it is still unclear if someone can contract COVID-19 more than once, it is possible to have more than one different virus at the same time, such as the new coronavirus and a strain of the flu.OPPOSITION TO CDC GUIDELINES.In 'Plandemic', a number of unidentified individuals described only as doctors are seen questioning the guidelines put out by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) on physical distancing, or suggesting the preventative measures have been issued for profit.Mikovits alleges that doctors and hospitals have been "incentivized" to count deaths unrelated to COVID-19 as having been caused by the virus to get greater payouts from the American federal health insurance program Medicare. Medicare pays hospitals a set amount of money for the treatment of certain diagnoses, regardless of what the treatment actually costs.Medicare has determined that a hospital gets US$13,000 if a COVID-19 patient on Medicare is admitted, and $39,000 if the patient goes on a ventilator. The CARES Act -- one of three federal stimulus laws enacted in the U.S. in response to the pandemic -- has included an add-on of 20 per cent that Medicare will pay hospitals for COVID-19 patients in a move to help with their lost revenue from the halting of elective surgeries. However, Congress has included strict policies for reporting this.While the U.S. government is giving more money to hospitals that treat coronavirus patients, there is no proof that hospitals are over-identifying patients as having COVID-19.ACCUSATIONS AGAINST FAUCI.Many of Mikovits' claims concern various high-profile individuals who have become more prominent amid the pandemic. Most notable is Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the U.S. National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) since 1984 and one of the lead members of the Trump administration's White House Coronavirus Task Force.While Mikovits repeatedly drops Fauci's name, she never actually connects him in any material way to her theory that this pandemic was planned.Mikovits alleges that Fauci orchestrated a cover-up, but of what is unclear. She says that people were "paid off big time," suggesting Fauci may have engaged in some sort of improper activity. However, Mikovits later clarifies that she means researchers' labs got funding from NIAID, which is how science research is typically funded in the U.S.In an article originally published in December 2018, fact-checking website Snopes reported on a claim by Mikovits that Fauci sent an email that "threatened her with arrest if she visited the National Institutes of Health to participate in a study to validate her chronic fatigue research."Fauci told Snopes he had "no idea what she was talking about.""I can categorically state that I have never sent such an e-mail," Fauci said. "I would never make such a statement in an e-mail that anyone 'would be immediately arrested' if they stepped foot on NIH property."Mikovits also said Fauci profited from patents from research done at NIAID.The Associated Press reported in 2005 that scientists at NIAID "have collected millions of dollars in royalties for experimental treatments without having to tell patients testing the treatments that the researchers' had a financial connection."Fauci later told peer-reviewed medical journal The BMJ that as a government employee, he was required by law to put his name on certain patents. However, he said he felt it was inappropriate to receive payment and donated the money to charity.MIKOVITS' BACKGROUND.Presented in the video as a medical expert, Judy Mikovits is one of 13 researchers who, in 2009, claimed to have found a link between a mouse retrovirus and chronic fatigue syndrome -- a disorder with no proven explanation and no cure. The findings were published in prestigious peer-reviewed journal Science.In the video, filmmaker Willis says the paper "sent shockwaves through the scientific community, as it revealed the common use of animal and human fetal tissues were unleashing devastating plagues of chronic diseases."However, the paper was retracted two years after its publication. Science said at the time that "multiple laboratories, including those of the original authors, have failed to reliably detect" the mouse retrovirus in chronic fatigue syndrome patients. The journal also cited "evidence of poor quality control in a number of specific experiments" in the report.Mikovits has not published anything in scientific literature since 2012, but she has co-authored two bestselling books with Kent Heckenlively, a noted anti-vaxxer.According to the Chicago Tribune, Whittemore Peterson Institute at the University of Nevada fired Mikovits in September 2011 from her job as research director at the facility after her study was retracted. In November 2011, a criminal complaint was filed against Mikovits for allegedly stealing computer data, notebooks and other property from the institute.Mikovits says in 'Plandemic' that the notebooks were "planted" in her house and that she was "held in jail with no charges." As she is speaking, footage of what appears to be a police SWAT team executing a nighttime raid is shown.The Chicago Tribune said Mikovits was arrested in California as a fugitive on a warrant issued by Reno police in relation to the November 2011 complaint. She was held in a California jail for five days before being released after an arraignment hearing.The criminal charges were later dropped, although the Whittemore Peterson Institute subsequently won a default judgment in a civil suit against her seeking the return of the items. A colleague at the institute admitted in an affidavit for the criminal case that he had taken items from the lab on behalf of Mikovits.A typical viewer of 'Plandemic' may not know these details about Mikovits' background. Mikovits did not respond to CTVNews.ca's request for comment.Jonathan Jarry, a biologist and science communication expert at McGill University, said it is also the way that Mikovits speaks that can make her seem convincing."Her tone is just right. She sounds cool-headed. She is portraying herself as a victim of a cruel system so we can empathize with her," Jarry said in an email to CTVNews.ca on Monday. He added that Mikovits uses a Gish gallop, a common debating technique in which the speaker runs through a long list of arguments that appear convincing just by their sheer number and "would take four times as long to refute."Jarry says the video's documentary-like style also plays a role in making its misleading conspiracy theories seem legitimate."With a little bit of money, anyone can now produce a serious-looking documentary. These images look professional, so they are more convincing to us," Jarry said. "The video also taps into our collective anxiety during this pandemic, of looking for someone to blame, some clear answer to the questions we are asking."|1
there is no cure for coronavirus yet, but taking daily doses of 5,000 milligrams of vitamin C and 150,000 IUs of vitamin D for three days could help boost the immune system. also recommended 25,000 IUs of vitamin A a day for two weeks, which is more than twice the upper recommended limit. |0
Practicing hand and respiratory hygiene is important at ALL times and is the best way to protect others and yourself.When possible maintain at least a 1 meter distance between yourself and others. This is especially important if you are standing by someone who is coughing or sneezing.  Since some infected persons may not yet be exhibiting symptoms or their symptoms may be mild, maintaining a physical distance with everyone is a good idea if you are in an area where COVID-19 is circulating. |1
Today’s communication environment is a sea of rapidly changing “information,” confusion and distrust. Events shift rapidly, and conflicting perspectives, opinions and statements and accusations of “fake news” are common. Science-based information, when inconvenient, can be contested as just another perspective while repetition is used to establish “facts.” In this environment, presenting public health information so it is trusted, understood and acted upon is difficult but possible.Trust is built over time. Establish credibility by being a reliable source over time so when a crisis occurs, people will turn to you.Focus on what people want to know; not just on what you want to communicate. One person’s important facts can be irrelevant to others.Make information accessible. Provide the points and their basis and context clearly.Work with others. Similar information stemming from multiple sources strengthens believability and credibility.|1
FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Hospitals in the German state of Baden-Wuerttemberg have offered to treat some critically ill coronavirus patients from the neighboring Alsace region in France, which is struggling to cope with a rising number of cases. Four teaching hospitals and an army hospital in the south-western German state will take in 10 French patients requiring ventilation, and the state is checking with other hospitals for more spare beds in intensive care units, Baden-Wuerttemberg’s science and research ministry said in a statement on Saturday. Doctors in the eastern French cities of Mulhouse and Colmar have warned that the healthcare system is at breaking point. The crisis in the east of the country led the French army to transfer six patients in critical condition due to coronavirus to a military facility on Wednesday.“We are sending a sign of solidarity to our French neighbors,” state science minister Theresia Bauer said in the statement. The ministry added, however, that there were limits to the state’s hospital capacity and that help would be for as long as intensive-care beds were not needed by patients in closer vicinity. It said that critically ill coronavirus patients needed ventilation for an average of three to seven days.The French government on Tuesday put its 67 million people under lockdown, in an unprecedented act during peacetime, after an almost 20% rise in deaths and reported cases in just 24 hours, with eastern France the worst-hit region.|1
Coronavirus will become for NATO and the EU what Chernobyl became for the Soviet Union, it will cause their dissolution.The Chernobyl disaster is very similar to what is happening in the EU because of the coronavirus. The EU institutions remind of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union, they are now in the same situation.|0
Clean hands frequently with alcohol-based hand rub or soap and water. Cover nose and mouth when coughing and sneezing with tissue or flexed elbow. Avoid close contact (1 metre or 3 feet) with anyone with cold or flu-like symptoms|1
Chinese scientists believe the deadly coronavirus may have started life in a research facility just 300 yards from the Wuhan fish market. Here’s how Coronavirus leaked from Wuhan laboratory.EXCLUSIVE: Coronavirus Bioweapon – How China Stole Coronavirus From Canada And Weaponized It (watch here Visualizing The Secret History Of Coronavirus) Watch the exclusive interview of Bioweapons Expert Dr. Francis Boyle on Coronavirus Biological Warfare blocked by the Deep State. A new bombshell paper from the Beijing-sponsored South China University of Technology says that the Wuhan Center for Disease Control (WHCDC) could have spawned the contagion in Hubei province.The possible origins of 2019-nCoV coronavirus,’ penned by scholars Botao Xiao and Lei Xiao claims the WHCDC kept disease-ridden animals in laboratories, including 605 bats.It also mentions that bats – which are linked to coronavirus – once attacked a researcher and ‘blood of bat was on his skin.’The report says: ‘Genome sequences from patients were 96% or 89% identical to the Bat CoV ZC45 coronavirus originally found in Rhinolophus affinis (intermediate horseshoe bat).It describes how the only native bats are found around 600 miles away from the Wuhan seafood market and that the probability of bats flying from Yunnan and Zhejiang provinces was minimal.In addition there is little to suggest the local populace eat the bats as evidenced by testimonies of 31 residents and 28 visitors.Instead the authors point to research being carried out withing a few hundred yards at the WHCDC.One of the researchers at the WHCDC described quarantining himself for two weeks after a bat’s blood got on his skin, according to the report. That same man also quarantined himself after a bat urinated on him.And he also mentions discovering a live tick from a bat – parasites known for their ability to pass infections through a host animal’s blood.The WHCDC was also adjacent to the Union Hospital (Figure above) where the first group of doctors were infected during this epidemic.’ The report says.It is plausible that the virus leaked around and some of them contaminated the initial patients in this epidemic, though solid proofs are needed in future study.And as well as the WHCDC, the report suggests that the Wuhan Institute of Virology could also have leaked the virus.This laboratory reported that the Chinese horseshoe bats were natural reservoirs for the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV) which caused the 2002-3 pandemic,’ the report says.The principle investigator participated in a project which generated a chimeric virus using the SARS-CoV reverse genetics system, and reported the potential for human emergence 10. A direct speculation was that SARS-CoV or its derivative might leak from the laboratory.The report concludes that ‘the killer Coronavirus probably originated from a laboratory in Wuhan.It comes as the outbreak has infected more than 69,000 people globally, with 1,665 deaths in China – most of these in the central province of Hubei.|0
Covid-19 is causing panic across America. But the panic seems unwarranted considering the amount of deaths from other causes.While the virus has mild to no reactions with 80% of it’s victims, 20% face severe cases. Of that 20%, a minority face death. But the virus has not killed many people, considering it’s everywhere already.Asthma for example kills on average 1000 people a day. So this past week, 7000 people worldwide died of asthma. That’s more than the Coronavirus outbreak has killed since it came around in December.|0
In October of 2012, this website ran a story about Bill Gates’ eugenicist tendencies, citing video clips of him publicly talking about the need to bring more vaccinations to the world and how this would make it possible to reduce population growth.We’ve since run many stories on Gates’ pursuits to have an impact on the world, including discussing the idea that a global pandemic would present the perfect opportunity to rollout mandatory vaccines.Here is the quote from Gates at that time:“Over this decade, we believe unbelievable progress can be made, both inventing new vaccines and making sure they get to all the children that need them… We could cut the number of children who die every year from about 9 million to half of that if we have success on it… The benefits are in terms of reducing sickness, reducing the population growth. It really allows a society a chance to take care of itself once you’ve made that intervention.”A key word in the above quote is ‘intervention,’ and now that we’re in the throes of the global coronavirus pandemic, we see Gates making regular appearances for mainstream audiences such as with Trevor Noah on The Daily Show, and CBS This Morning with Anthony Mason. His message is consistent: a new vaccine is the only thing that can allow us to continue our lives.Gates is unashamedly a health interventionist, which is not entirely unlike the military interventionist.Both believe they are gifted with a superior sense of what is right and wrong, and both believe that providence has put them in a position of power so that they may improve upon the world. They do not concern themselves with collateral damage.In the years since Gates’s above comments, a frustrating impasse has emerged for the cause of vaccination: When given the choice, a lot of people choose not take vaccinations.You see, people began wondering what possible side-effects and negative effects vaccines were having on children.People started to question the motives and practices of the pharmaceutical companies who were creating these for profit products.People began to wonder what influence these same companies had on representatives of our democracy and how this influence was shaping public vaccination policy.People began wondering how the influence of pharmaceutical company advertising dollars was influencing the national media and the public conversation over vaccine safety.People began to wonder why these same vaccine manufacturers were granted federal legal immunity from any harm their products may cause, a privilege not known by any other industry.Naturally, the result of all this questioning was that people began to make informed decisions out of concern for their well-being.Many people who looked into this all decided to go ahead with vaccinations.Many people decided to opt-out, and as information about this issue spread, the numbers of those opting-out grew, and continues to grow.So now we have open censorship of vaccine adverse reaction information. Individuals and organizations who champion the cause of vaccine safety on behalf of children and parents who’ve experienced vaccine harm are demonized and demonetized.But children are not dying en masse of diseases for which vaccines have been invented. And people are still refusing vaccinations. And people are still opting out of vaccines.And the policy of influencing world population through the use of vaccinations doesn’t work when people don’t take the vaccines.So laws began to change as well. Vaccine exemptions were attacked and removed, school systems began demanding more vaccines for students and kicking children out of school if their parents had opted-out.The tenor from government on this has become increasingly authoritarian.So now we have a global pandemic.And while there is no consensus on the origin of the virus, no consensus on what constitutes a death from Covid-19, no consensus on how many strains of this virus are already circulating, no consensus on how the official numbers are compiled, and no push to improve public health by suggesting anti-viral products or proper-nutrition, or anything other than vaccines, we have Bill Gates telling us that to get our life back, to work, to participate in community,  we’ll have to take a brand new Covid-19 vaccine.Here he is in his own words:“In which activities like mass gatherings, uh, may be, in a certain sense, more optional, and so until you’re widely vaccinated those may not, uh, come back, uh, at all.” ~Bill Gates. We will not be allowed to have mass gatherings unless we’ve taken a Covid-19 vaccine?Does this sound optional to you?This really is just the tip of the iceberg, as Gates has made a slew of similar statements in recent weeks. Truthstream Media just did an excellent presentation on this.If you’re at all less than interested in being required to have a vaccine in order to regain your personal freedom, now would be a good time to speak up about it.By the way, since 2012 we’ve run a number of stories, as have other news outlets, highlighting Gates’ projects to influence world health through the invention of vaccines and technologies giving more control over your health to bureaucracies.|0
There is a simple but crucial number at the heart of understanding the threat posed by the coronavirus. It is guiding governments around the world on the actions needed to save lives and to lift lockdown.It is called the reproduction number, or simply the R value.What is R?The reproduction number is a way of rating a disease's ability to spread.It's the number of people that one infected person will pass the virus on to, on average.Measles has one of the highest numbers in town with a reproduction number of 15 in populations without immunity. It can cause explosive outbreaks.The new coronavirus, known officially as Sars-CoV-2, has a reproduction number of about three, but estimates vary.How is R calculated?You cannot capture the moment people are infected; instead scientists work backwards.Using data - such as the number of people dying, admitted to hospital or testing positive for the virus - allows you to estimate how easily the virus is spreading.Generally this gives a picture of what the R number was two to three weeks ago. Regular testing of households should soon give a more timely estimate.Why is a number above one dangerous?If the reproduction number is higher than one, then the number of cases increases exponentially - it snowballs like debt on an unpaid credit card.But if the number is lower, the disease will eventually peter out, as not enough new people are being infected to sustain the outbreak.Governments everywhere want to force the reproduction number down from about three (the R number if we took no action) to below one.This is the reason you've not seen family, have had to work from home and the children have been off school - stopping people coming into contact with each other to cut the virus's ability to spread.What is the R number in the UK?The reproduction number is not fixed. Instead, it changes as our behaviour changes, or as immunity develops.Mathematical modellers at Imperial College London are attempting to track how the number has changed as isolation, social distancing and the full lockdown were introduced.Before any measures came in, the number was well above one and the conditions were ripe for a large outbreak. Successive restrictions brought it down, but it was not until full lockdown that it was driven below one.The R value in the UK has crept up recently and is now thought to be between 0.7 and 1.0.Counter-intuitively, this increase is probably due to the success in slowing the virus in society as a whole. As cases collapse in the community, the R value is largely reflecting what is happening in care homes.Does R vary across the UK?The R number has come down across every part of the UK since the start of the epidemic.But multiple research groups, including those at the University of Cambridge, show it has come down the most in London. It is proving far more stubborn in the north-east of England.Those figures are more optimistic than other groups' calculations. Similar work by the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine puts the number for London at 0.6, and the south-west at 0.9.It also showed the R-values were 0.8 in Wales, and 1 in both Scotland and Northern Ireland.So how does this inform lifting lockdown?As any country thinks about how to lift lockdown, the aim will be to keep the reproduction number below one.Dr Adam Kucharski, of the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, told the BBC: "It's a big challenge making sure you're not loosening too much and increasing transmission."However it has taken a monumental effort, one that has caused damage to people's lives, to get the number from three to 0.7."It doesn't give you a lot of room to play with to keep the number below one", Dr Kucharski added.Which measures could be lifted?Unfortunately, there is no confirmation of how much each intervention affects the virus's spread, although there are estimates."Opening schools versus workplaces versus other gatherings - understanding how much they increase the reproduction number, is going to be the challenge," said Dr Kucharski.Another issue is that people's behaviour changes over time, so the number can creep up even if lockdown policies remain unchanged.What is likely to be needed are new ways of controlling the virus, such as more extensive testing and tracing or location-tracking apps.These can suppress the reproduction number in a more targeted way, allowing some of the other measures to be lifted.Is it the most important number?The reproduction number is one of the big three.Another is severity - if you have a very mild disease that does not cause many problems, then you can relax a bit. Coronavirus, and the disease it causes, Covid-19, can be severe and deadly, unfortunately.The last is the number of cases, which is important for deciding when to act. If you have a high number, but ease restrictions so the reproduction number is about one, then you will continue to have a high number of cases.What about a vaccine?Having a vaccine is another way to bring down the reproduction number.A coronavirus patient would naturally infect three others on average, but if a vaccine could protect two of them from infection, then the reproduction number would fall from three to one.|1
Governor Andrew Cuomo is considering a temporary six-week ban on the sale of combustible cigarettes in order to reduce the State’s Coronavirus death count, a source familiar with his thinking tells The Chronicle.  The ban could come as soon as Monday and is expected to be included in a budget measure already scheduled to be announced. New data out of Italy suggest that the nation’s whopping Coronavirus death rate — now approaching 10% of those who test positive — is highly correlated to cigarette use.  Italian men smoke cigarettes at rates that far outpace most other developed countries, and the extreme shortage of ventilators there has been the cause of death for tens of thousands of smokers. According to Italy’s National Health Institute, smokers with COVID-19 were one-third more likely to have a serious clinical situation than non-smokers. Half of these smokers required a ventilator. For many weeks, it was observed that women in Italy are better able to overcome the virus than men.  Italian doctors now believe that the statistical difference is attributable to smoking-related gender norms. COVID-19 kills its victims by compromising the respiratory system and reducing oxygen levels in the blood.  Regular cigarette use damages the airways and small air sacs in the lungs.  Combustible cigarettes weaken smokers’ lungs by filling them with smoke and tar. “When a smoker contracts COVID-19, he or she will be far more likely to suffer respiratory system failure, thereby exacerbating New York’s ventilator shortage,” Cuomo plans to say in remarks prepared for Monday.   “Fortunately, medical science informs us that ex-smokers experience significant recovery in lung function and oxygen absorption as soon as they quit smoking.” Former smokers recover 30% of their lung function just two weeks after quitting. “Any ex-smoker can tell you how, just days after quitting, they were noticeably less out of breath after walking up a flight of stairs. Personally, I have heard hundreds of these stories,” he writes in draft remarks. Dr. Howard Zucker, the Commissioner of Health, is prodding Cuomo to issue the temporary ban and discussed the issue with him privately earlier this week.  Zucker has long advocated for additional restrictions on combustible cigarette sales, which causes more than 443,000 deaths annually — more deaths each year than from murder, car accidents, alcohol or drug use, suicides, and HIV combined. It’s estimated that 81,000 people will die from COVID-19. Zucker argues that a ban on cigarette sales for the duration of the outbreak will save thousands of lives and will reduce the State’s shortage of ventilators, perhaps by several thousand during its peak — expected to hit the State 21 days from today. Therefore, the Governor’s advisors postulate, if New York takes immediate action and temporarily bans combustible cigarette sales during this public health crisis, ex-smokers’ respiratory systems will make significant recovery at the very same time that COVID-19 cases are peaking in New York. “This will save lives, and not just the lives of smokers,” the Governor plans to say.  “Every former smoker that gets sick, but does not need a ventilator, means one more ventilator is available to keep our aging parents and grandparents alive.” “Importantly, we must also recognize that failing to temporarily ban combustible cigarettes immediately will cause a disproportionate increase in COVID-19 fatalities in minority communities, given the higher prevalence of immuno-deficiencies in these communities,” he plans to note. The Governor’s supporters argue that it is more important now than ever to address the public health cost of combustible cigarettes — not just to save the lives of smokers, but to save the lives of all New Yorkers by mitigating the severity of a ventilator shortage.|0
The answer depends on many factors, including what your doctor's office is offering. As with all health care decisions, it comes down to weighing risks and benefits.Getting early immunizations in for babies and toddlers — especially babies 6 months and younger — has important benefits. It helps to protect them from infections such as pneumococcus and pertussis that can be deadly, at a time when their immune system is vulnerable. At the same time, they could be vulnerable to complications of COVID-19 should their trip to the doctor expose them to the virus.For children older than 2 years, waiting is probably fine — in most cases. For some children with special conditions, or those who are behind on immunizations, waiting may not be a good idea.The best thing to do is call your doctor's office. Find out what precautions they are taking to keep children safe, and discuss your particular situation, including not only your child's health situation, but also the prevalence of the virus in your community and whether you have been or might have been exposed. Together, you can make the best decision for your child.|1
Scientists cast doubt on the Trump-backed theory that the coronavirus escaped from a Chinese lab. Why are the origins of the pandemic so controversial?How Covid-19 began has become increasingly contentious, with the US and other allies suggesting China has not been transparent about the origins of the outbreak.Donald Trump, the US president, has given credence to the idea that intelligence exists suggesting the virus may have escaped from a lab in Wuhan, although the US intelligence community has pointedly declined to back this up. The scientific community says there is no current evidence for this claim.This follows reports that the White House had been pressuring US intelligence community on the claim, recalling the Bush administration’s pressure to “stove pipe” the intelligence before the war in Iraq.What’s the problem with the Chinese version?A specific issue is that the official origin story doesn’t add up in terms of the initial epidemiology of the outbreak, not least the incidence of early cases with no apparent connection to the Wuhan seafood market, where Beijing says the outbreak began. If these people were not infected at the market, or via contacts who were infected at the market, critics ask, how do you explain these cases?Two laboratories in Wuhan studying bat coronaviruses have come under the spotlight. The Wuhan Institute of Virology (WIV) is a biosecurity level 4 facility – the highest for biocontainment – and the level 2 Wuhan Centre for Disease Control, which is located not far from the fish market, had collected bat coronavirus specimens.Several theories have been promoted. The first, and wildest, is that scientists at WIV were engaged in experiments with bat coronavirus, involving so-called gene splicing, and the virus then escaped and infected humans. A second version is that sloppy biosecurity among lab staff and in procedures, perhaps in the collection or disposal of animal specimens, released a wild virus.Is there any evidence the virus was engineered?The scientific consensus rejecting the virus being engineered is almost unanimous. In a letter to Nature in March, a team in California led by microbiology professor Kristian Andersen said “the genetic data irrefutably shows that [Covid-19] is not derived from any previously used virus backbone” – in other words spliced sections of another known virus.Far more likely, they suggested, was that the virus emerged naturally and became stronger through natural selection. “We propose two scenarios that can plausibly explain the origin of Sars-CoV-2: natural selection in an animal host before zoonotic [animal to human] transfer; and natural selection in humans following zoonotic transfer.”Peter Ben Embarek, an expert at the World Health Organization in animal to human transmission of diseases, and other specialists also explained to the Guardian that if there had been any manipulation of the virus you would expect to see evidence in both the gene sequences and also distortion in the data of the family tree of mutations – a so-called “reticulation” effect.In a statement to the Guardian, James Le Duc, the head of the Galveston National Laboratory in the US, the biggest active biocontainment facility on a US academic campus, also poured cold water on the suggestion.“There is convincing evidence that the new virus was not the result of intentional genetic engineering and that it almost certainly originated from nature, given its high similarity to other known bat-associated coronaviruses,” he said.What about an accidental escape of a wild sample because of poor lab safety practices?The accidental release of a wild sample has been the focus of most attention, although the “evidence” offered is at best highly circumstantial.The Washington Post has reported concerns in 2018 over security and management weakness from US embassy officials who visited the WIV several times, although the paper also conceded there was no conclusive proof the lab was the source of the outbreak.Le Duc, however, paints a different picture of the WIV. “I have visited and toured the new BSL4 laboratory in Wuhan, prior to it starting operations in 2017- … It is of comparable quality and safety measures as any currently in operation in the US or Europe.”He also described encounters with Shi Zhengli, the Chinese virologist at the WIV who has led research into bat coronaviruses, and discovered the link between bats and the Sars virus that caused disease worldwide in 2003, describing her as “fully engaged, very open and transparent about her work, and eager to collaborate”.Maureen Miller, an epidemiologist who worked with Shi as part of a US-funded viral research programme, echoed Le Duc’s assessment. She said she believed the lab escape theory was an “absolute conspiracy theory” and referred to Shi as “brilliant”.Problems with the timeline and map of the spread of the virus. While the experts who spoke to the Guardian made clear that understanding of the origins of the virus remained provisional, they added that the current state of knowledge of the initial spread also created problems for the lab escape theory.When Peter Forster, a geneticist at Cambridge, compared sequences of the virus genome collected early in the Chines outbreak – and later globally – he identified three dominant strains.Early in the outbreak, two strains appear to have been in circulation at roughly at the same time – strain A and strain B – with a C variant later developing from strain B.But in a surprise finding, the version with the closest genetic similarity to bat coronavirus was not the one most prevalent early on in the central Chinese city of Wuhan but instead associated with a scattering of early cases in the southern Guangdong province.Between 24 December 2019 and 17 January 2020, Forster explains, just three out of 23 cases in Wuhan were type A, while the rest were type B. In patients in Guangdong province, however, five out of nine were found to have type A of the virus.“The very small numbers notwithstanding,” said Forster, “the early genome frequencies until 17 January do not favour Wuhan as an origin over other parts of China, for example five of nine Guangdong/Shenzhen patients who had A types.”In other words, it still remains far from certain that Wuhan was even necessarily where the virus first emerged.If there is no evidence of engineering and the origin is still so disputed, why are we still talking about the Wuhan labs theory?The pandemic has exacerbated existing geopolitical struggles, prompting a disinformation war that has drawn in the US, China, Russia and others.Journalists and scientists have been targeted by people with an apparent interest in pushing circumstantial evidence related to the virus’s origins, perhaps as part of this campaign and to distract from the fact that few governments have had a fault-free response.What does this mean now?The current state of knowledge about coronavirus and its origin suggest the most likely explanation remains the most prosaic. Like other coronaviruses before, it simply spread to humans via a natural event, the starting point for many in the scientific community including the World Health Organization.Further testing in China in the months ahead may eventually establish the source of the outbreak. But for now it is too early.|1
On January 30, the World Health Organization (WHO) declared the “coronavirus outbreak (to be) a public health emergency of international concern.”On Sunday, US National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases director Anthony Fauci said the coronavirus “almost certainly is going to be a pandemic.”The WHO defines a pandemic as a “worldwide spread of a new disease.”The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) calls it “a disease that spreads across several countries or continents, usually affecting a large number of people.”Britain’s Health and Safety Executive says a viral outbreak can be characterized as a pandemic if it’s “markedly different from recently circulating strains,” notably if “humans have little or no immunity” to it.The New York Times quoted former CDC director Thomas Frieden, saying it’s “increasingly unlikely (that the coronavirus) can be contained,” adding:“It is therefore likely that it will spread, as flu and other organisms do, but we still don’t know how far, wide, or deadly it will be.”The term pandemic applies to a disease that affects large numbers of people worldwide — clearly not applicable to the coronavirus outbreak based on evidence so far. See below.According to Mayo Clinic’s Dr. Pritish Tosh “In epidemiologic terms, an outbreak refers to a number of cases that exceeds what would be expected.”“A pandemic is when there is an outbreak that affects most of the world.”“We use the term endemic when there is an infection within a geographic location that is existing perpetually.”An epidemic refers to an infectious disease outbreak in a particular country or community.How do the above definitions apply to the coronavirus outbreak in China?Here are the latest numbers through Monday: 20,622 confirmed cases, 426 dead in China, the outbreak mostly in Wuhan and surrounding areas.Cases in other countries aren’t anywhere near epidemic or pandemic levels. Judge for yourself:Australia – 12, mostly individuals who returned from Wuhan or Hubei province. Cambodia – 1. Canada – 4. Finland – 1. France – 6. Germany – 10. India – 3. Italy – 2. Japan — 20. Malaysia – 8 (all Chinese nationals). Nepal – 1. The Philippines – 2. Russia – 2. Singapore – 18. South Korea – 15. Spain – 1. Sri Lanka – 1. Sweden – 1. Taiwan – 10. Thailand – 19. UAE – 5. UK – 2. US – 11. Vietnam – 8. Most of the above cases apply to Chinese nationals or individuals who returned from the country, in most or all cases from Wuhan.In response to a question asked me by a friend on the seriousness of the coronavirus outbreak to people in the US, I explained that the chance of being in an auto accident or harmed by one at home is far greater.I also stressed that establishment media, especially US cable channels, are the most unreliable sources of information on the coronavirus outbreak, featuring fear-mongering reports.Some examples include:The New York Times: “Beijing Sees ‘Major Test’ as Doors to China Close and Coronavirus Deaths Surpass SARS”. The Washington Post: “States scramble to carry out Trump’s coronavirus travel order”. The Wall Street Journal: “Coronavirus Closes China to the World, Straining Global Economy”. Fox News: “Experts worry about pandemic as coronavirus numbers increase”.CNN: “Wuhan coronavirus: Confirmed cases top 20,000 as China marks deadliest day”.Other establishment media headlined reports are similar.According to the CDC, at least 15 million flu illnesses have been reported so far during the 2019 – 20 season, resulting in 140,000 hospitalizations and 8,200 deaths in the US.These numbers reflect a national epidemic. Yet little about this is reported — other than annual recommendations to get flu shots, sponsored by Big Pharma.Natural News calls them “the greatest medical fraud in the history of the world.” Why?Because they “contain over 50 ppm mercury, an extremely toxic heavy metal linked to kidney failure, birth defects, spontaneous abortions and neurological damage.”The same goes for other vaccines, potentially more dangerous than diseases they’re meant to protect against.They’re a bonanza for Big Pharma. On February 1, CNBC reported that “(i)nvestors (are) rush(ing) into biotechs (that are) working on coronavirus vaccine(s).”A dozen or more companies are working on developing them, clinical testing to begin in a few months, the profit potential huge. When approved for sale, they’ll be marketed worldwide, advertising promoting them.On Monday, Natural News reported that the coronavirus was “engineered by scientists in a lab using well documented genetic engineering vectors that leave behind a ‘fingerprint,’ ” adding:“(T)he WHO and CDC are covering up this inconvenient fact.”Law Professor Francis Boyle drafted the US Biological Weapons Anti-Terrorism Act of 1989 — signed into law by GHW Bush, revoked by Bush/Cheney on the pretext of rebuilding America’s defenses at a time when the nation’s only enemies are invented. No real ones exist.Boyle believes the potentially deadly coronavirus is a biowarfare weapon, genetically modified for this purpose.China’s Wuhan BSL-4 lab is a WHO-designated research lab, Boyle explaining that the organization is fully aware of what’s happening and how.Boyle’s assessment contradicts claims about the virus originating from a Wuhan seafood market or being connected to coronaviruses found in bats.Indian Institute of Technology scientists “discovered that the Wuhan coronavirus has been engineered with AIDS like insertions” — meaning it’s not a naturally occurring phenomenon if true, adding:It’s “quite unlikely for a virus to have acquired such unique insertions naturally in a short duration of time.”China is using AIDS drugs to treat infected patients. China’s Center for Disease Control and Prevention is working on developing a vaccine.In 2003, media spread fear-mongering about a SARS pandemic proved way overblown, 800 deaths reported after hysteria subsided.In the same year, 42,643 people in the US were killed in 6,328,000 police-reported motor vehicle accidents, 2,889,000 people injured.In 2009, the WHO falsely predicted a global Swine flu H1N1 pandemic that could affect “as many as two billion people over the next two years.”At the time, evidence suggested that the H1N1 strain was bioengineered in a US laboratory, vaccines produced for it extremely hazardous and potentially lethal.No national or global emergency existed. No pandemic or epidemic occurred. The CDC estimated that from 8,330 to 17,160 deaths resulted from the strain.Fear-mongering at the time aimed to convince people to take experimental, untested, toxic and extremely dangerous vaccines that can damage the human immune system and cause health problems ranging from annoying to life-threatening.A similar scenario is in play today. Vaccines could be rushed to market, Big Pharma promoting their use.The US had an active biological warfare program since at least the 1940s.In 1941, it implemented a secret program to develop offensive and allegedly defensive bioweapons using controversial testing methods.During WW II, the US Chemical Warfare Services began mustard gas experiments on about 4,000 servicemen.In 1945, the US Atomic Energy Commission (AEC) implemented “Program F.”It was the most extensive US study of the health effects of fluoride – a key chemical component in atomic bomb production.It’s one of the most toxic chemicals known, risking harm to the central nervous system.Yet low concentration amounts are in drinking water and toothpaste, little or nothing reported officially or by establishment media on its toxicity.Since at least the 1940s, VA patients were guinea pigs for medical experiments.The Pentagon earlier released biological agents in US cities to learn the effects of germ warfare in populated areas, tests done secretly.In 1953, the CIA initiated Project MKULTRA – a multi-year research program to test drugs and biological agents for mind control and behavior modification, unwitting human subjects used.From the 1960s at least through the 1980s, the US used biological agents against Cuba.During the Vietnam War, the Pentagon’s use of hugely toxic Agent Orange and sarin nerve gas killed, disabled, or caused chronic illnesses for millions, mainly civilians.In all US wars, radiological, chemical, biological and other banned weapons are used, inflicting a devastating toll on people in targeted areas.Is the coronavirus a bioweapon as Francis Boyle believes? Most likely, it’ll be contained in the weeks ahead, reported numbers of individuals infected falling, not rising.When all is said and done, ongoing fear-mongering will likely prove to be a bonanza for Big Pharma.As for the coronavirus, it may end up a footnote in medical history — thousands affected in China, not millions, mainly in and around Wuhan, small numbers elsewhere.|0
A serologic test is a blood test that looks for antibodies created by your immune system. There are many reasons you might make antibodies, the most important of which is to help fight infections. The serologic test for COVID-19 specifically looks for antibodies against the COVID-19 virus.Your body takes at least five to 10 days after you have acquired the infection to develop antibodies to this virus. For this reason, serologic tests are not sensitive enough to accurately diagnose an active COVID-19 infection, even in people with symptoms.However, serologic tests can help identify anyone who has recovered from coronavirus. This may include people who were not initially identified as having COVID-19 because they had no symptoms, had mild symptoms, chose not to get tested, had a false-negative test, or could not get tested for any reason. Serologic tests will provide a more accurate picture of how many people have been infected with, and recovered from, coronavirus, as well as the true fatality rate.Serologic tests may also provide information about whether people become immune to coronavirus once they've recovered and, if so, how long that immunity lasts. In time, these tests may be used to determine who can safely go back out into the community.Scientists can also study coronavirus antibodies to learn which parts of the coronavirus the immune system responds to, in turn giving them clues about which part of the virus to target in vaccines they are developing.Serological tests are starting to become available and are being developed by many private companies worldwide. However, the accuracy of these tests needs to be validated before widespread use in the US.|1
Dr. Benjamin Neuman, an expert in coronaviruses who chairs the Biological Sciences department at Texas A&M University-Texarkana, said the sauna, desert and hair dryer methods would not be effective.“Breathing from saunas or a hair dryer would not have any effect on preventing or treating coronavirus, and both are downright weird,” Neuman told AFP by email, adding that relying on desert air for that purpose is “equally insane.”“There isn't any strong evidence connecting environmental temperature to the transmission of coronavirus -- it's more about how long you spend in close proximity to an infected person,” he said.“I could think of as many reasons why it would potentially exacerbate an infection as reasons why it might help.”Dr. Karine Le Roch -- a professor of cell biology at the University of California, Riverside -- echoed Neuman’s analysis.“So far there is ABSOLUTELY no evidence that the COVID-19 virus can be treated via heat,” Le Roch told AFP by email.Regarding using a hair dryer, “there is ABSOLUTELY no scientific evidence that it can prevent you from catching COVID-19 or treating the novel coronavirus,” she added.The WHO says current evidence indicates that the novel coronavirus “can be transmitted in ALL AREAS, including areas with hot and humid weather.”None of the methods advocated in the video appear on the WHO’s page offering advice to the public about the virus. The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) says on its novel coronavirus frequently asked questions page: “It is not yet known whether weather and temperature impact the spread of COVID-19.”None of the methods suggested in the video appear on the CDC’s page on how to protect against the virus, nor this page about caring for yourself if you are sick.The novel coronavirus originated in China in late 2019 but it has spread globally, killing more than 9,000 people, wreaking economic havoc from Asia to Europe and the United States in a public health crisis that governments are struggling to halt.|1
There is currently no vaccine to prevent coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19). The best way to prevent illness is to avoid being exposed to this virus. The virus is thought to spread mainly from person-to-person. Between people who are in close contact with one another (within about 6 feet). Through respiratory droplets produced when an infected person coughs, sneezes or talks. These droplets can land in the mouths or noses of people who are nearby or possibly be inhaled into the lungs. Some recent studies have suggested that COVID-19 may be spread by people who are not showing symptoms. Clean your hands often. Wash your hands often with soap and water for at least 20 seconds especially after you have been in a public place, or after blowing your nose, coughing, or sneezing. If soap and water are not readily available, use a hand sanitizer that contains at least 60% alcohol. Cover all surfaces of your hands and rub them together until they feel dry. Avoid touching your eyes, nose, and mouth with unwashed hands. Avoid close contact. Avoid close contact with people who are sick. Stay home as much as possible.pdf iconexternal icon. Put distance between yourself and other people. Remember that some people without symptoms may be able to spread virus. Keeping distance from others is especially important for people who are at higher risk of getting very sick. Cover your mouth and nose with a cloth face cover when around others. You could spread COVID-19 to others even if you do not feel sick. Everyone should wear a cloth face cover when they have to go out in public, for example to the grocery store or to pick up other necessities. Cloth face coverings should not be placed on young children under age 2, anyone who has trouble breathing, or is unconscious, incapacitated or otherwise unable to remove the mask without assistance. The cloth face cover is meant to protect other people in case you are infected. Do NOT use a facemask meant for a healthcare worker. Continue to keep about 6 feet between yourself and others. The cloth face cover is not a substitute for social distancing. Cover coughs and sneezes. If you are in a private setting and do not have on your cloth face covering, remember to always cover your mouth and nose with a tissue when you cough or sneeze or use the inside of your elbow. Throw used tissues in the trash. Immediately wash your hands with soap and water for at least 20 seconds. If soap and water are not readily available, clean your hands with a hand sanitizer that contains at least 60% alcohol.Clean and disinfect Clean AND disinfect frequently touched surfaces daily. This includes tables, doorknobs, light switches, countertops, handles, desks, phones, keyboards, toilets, faucets, and sinks. If surfaces are dirty, clean them: Use detergent or soap and water prior to disinfection. To disinfect: Most common EPA-registered household disinfectants will work. Use disinfectants appropriate for the surface. Options include: Diluting your household bleach. To make a bleach solution, mix: 5 tablespoons (1/3rd cup) bleach per gallon of water. OR 4 teaspoons bleach per quart of water. Follow manufacturer’s instructions for application and proper ventilation. Check to ensure the product is not past its expiration date. Never mix household bleach with ammonia or any other cleanser. Unexpired household bleach will be effective against coronaviruses when properly diluted. Alcohol solutions.Ensure solution has at least 70% alcohol.|1
But just last year, the National Institute for Allergy and Infectious Diseases, the organization led by Dr. Fauci, funded scientists at the Wuhan Institute of Virology and other institutions for working on gain-of-function research on bat coronaviruses.In 2019, with the backing of NIAID, the National Institutes of Health committed $3.7 million over six years for research that included some gain-of-function work. The program followed another $3.7 million, 5- year project for collecting and studying bat coronaviruses, which ended in 2019, bringing the total to $7.4 million. Many scientists have criticized the gain of function research, which involves manipulating viruses in the lab to explore their potential for infecting humans because it creates a risk of starting a pandemic from accidental release.The NIH research consisted of two parts. The first part began in 2014 and involved surveillance of bat coronaviruses, and had a budget of $3.7 million. The program funded Shi Zheng-Li, a virologist at the Wuhan lab, and other researchers to investigate and catalog bat coronaviruses in the wild. This part of the project was completed in 2019.A second phase of the project, beginning that year, included additional surveillance work but also gain-of-function research for the purpose of understanding how bat coronaviruses could mutate to attack humans. NIH canceled the project just this past Friday, April 24th.A decade ago, during a controversy over gain-of-function research on bird-flu viruses, Dr. Fauci played an important role in promoting the work. He argued that the research was worth the risk it entailed because it enables scientists to make preparations, such as investigating possible anti-viral medications, that could be useful if and when a pandemic occurred. The work in question was a type of gain-of-function research that involved taking wild viruses and passing them through live animals until they mutate into a form that could pose a pandemic threat.The work entailed risks that worried even seasoned researchers. More than 200 scientists called for the work to be halted. The problem, they said, is that it increased the likelihood that a pandemic would occur through a laboratory accident. in 2014, under pressure from the Obama administration, the National of Institutes of Health instituted a moratorium on the work, suspending 21 studies. Three years later, though—in December 2017—the NIH ended the moratorium and the second phase of the NIAID project, which included the gain-of-function research, began. |0
The coronavirus emerged in only December last year, but already the world is dealing with a pandemic of the virus and the disease it causes - Covid-19.For most, the disease is mild, but some people die.So how is the virus attacking the body, why are some people being killed and how is it treated?Incubation period.This is when the virus is establishing itself.Viruses work by getting inside the cells your body is made of and then hijacking them.The coronavirus, officially called Sars-CoV-2, can invade your body when you breathe it in (after someone coughs nearby) or you touch a contaminated surface and then your face.It first infects the cells lining your throat, airways and lungs and turns them into "coronavirus factories" that spew out huge numbers of new viruses that go on to infect yet more cells.At this early stage, you will not be sick and some people may never develop symptoms.The incubation period, the time between infection and first symptoms appearing, varies widely, but is five days on average.Mild disease.This is all most people will experience.Covid-19 is a mild infection for eight out of 10 people who get it and the core symptoms are a fever and a cough.Body aches, sore throat and a headache are all possible, but not guaranteed.The fever, and generally feeling grotty, is a result of your immune system responding to the infection. It has recognised the virus as a hostile invader and signals to the rest of the body something is wrong by releasing chemicals called cytokines.These rally the immune system, but also cause the body aches, pain and fever.The coronavirus cough is initially a dry one (you're not bringing stuff up) and this is probably down to irritation of cells as they become infected by the virus.Some people will eventually start coughing up sputum - a thick mucus containing dead lung cells killed by the virus.These symptoms are treated with bed rest, plenty of fluids and paracetamol. You won't need specialist hospital care.This stage lasts about a week - at which point most recover because their immune system has fought off the virus.However, some will develop a more serious form of Covid-19.This is the best we understand at the moment about this stage, however, there are studies emerging that suggest the disease can cause more cold-like symptoms such as a runny nose too.Severe disease.If the disease progresses it will be due to the immune system overreacting to the virus.Those chemical signals to the rest of the body cause inflammation, but this needs to be delicately balanced. Too much inflammation can cause collateral damage throughout the body."The virus is triggering an imbalance in the immune response, there's too much inflammation, how it is doing this we don't know," said Dr Nathalie MacDermott, from King's College London.Inflammation of the lungs is called pneumonia.If it was possible to travel through your mouth down the windpipe and through the tiny tubes in your lungs, you'd eventually end up in tiny little air sacs.This is where oxygen moves into the blood and carbon dioxide moves out, but in pneumonia the tiny sacs start to fill with water and can eventually cause shortness of breath and difficulty breathing.Some people will need a ventilator to help them breathe.This stage is thought to affect around 14% of people, based on data from China.Critical disease.It is estimated around 6% of cases become critically ill.By this point the body is starting to fail and there is a real chance of death.The problem is the immune system is now spiralling out of control and causing damage throughout the body.It can lead to septic shock when the blood pressure drops to dangerously low levels and organs stop working properly or fail completely.Acute respiratory distress syndrome caused by widespread inflammation in the lungs stops the body getting enough oxygen it needs to survive. It can stop the kidneys from cleaning the blood and damage the lining of your intestines."The virus sets up such a huge degree of inflammation that you succumb... it becomes multi-organ failure," Dr Bharat Pankhania said.And if the immune system cannot get on top of the virus, then it will eventually spread to every corner of the body where it can cause even more damage.Treatment by this stage will be highly invasive and can include ECMO or extra-corporeal membrane oxygenation.This is essentially an artificial lung that takes blood out of the body through thick tubes, oxygenates it and pumps it back in.But eventually the damage can reach fatal levels at which organs can no longer keep the body alive.The first deaths.Doctors have described how some patients died despite their best efforts.The first two patients to die at Jinyintan Hospital in Wuhan, China, detailed in the Lancet Medical journal, were seemingly healthy, although they were long-term smokers and that would have weakened their lungs.The first, a 61-year-old man, had severe pneumonia by the time he arrived at hospital.He was in acute respiratory distress, and despite being put on a ventilator, his lungs failed and his heart stopped beating.He died 11 days after he was admitted.The second patient, a 69-year-old man, also had acute respiratory distress syndrome.He was attached to an ECMO machine but this wasn't enough. He died of severe pneumonia and septic shock when his blood pressure collapsed.|1
There is much more to learn about how COVID-19 is spread and investigations are ongoing. Coronaviruses are a large family of viruses that mainly spread though respiratory droplets produced when an infected person coughs or sneezes, similar to how influenza and other respiratory viruses spread.|1
At least five US teams have cloned antibodies to Covid-19, paving the way for cutting-edge treatments that could be what one researcher calls "an immunity bridge" before a vaccine comes along.The treatment is monoclonal antibody therapy, and the antibodies come from people who have recovered from the novel coronavirus. Researchers then take the blood, select the most potent antibodies, and make them into a drug.One company, Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, hopes to have a treatment available to patients as early as the end of the summer."I think monoclonal antibody therapy has enormous promise as the next big thing for Covid-19," said Dr. Peter Hotez, a vaccine specialist at Baylor University School of Medicine who is not involved in the research.Monoclonal antibody therapy is a modern take on convalescent plasma, where someone who has recovered from coronavirus donates blood to someone who is currently ill.Even if convalescent plasma is effective -- it's still being studied -- it has two shortcomings.First, one person can only give so much blood. Second, the donor might not have enough strong antibodies for the blood donation to be effective.To develop a monoclonal antibody treatment, researchers cull through thousands of antibodies to find the best ones, and then clone them potentially in unlimited amounts.Many other illnesses are treated with monoclonal antibodies, such as various forms of cancer, HIV, asthma, lupus, multiple sclerosis and various forms of cancer, but of course there's no guarantee it could work for Covid-19."One of the things about the search is it's a little bit like finding a needle in a haystack. We're all searching for the magical antibody that's a silver bullet," said Dr. James Crowe, who's leading the Covid-19 monoclonal antibody effort at Vanderbilt University Medical Center.Regeneron is hoping to start clinical trials for an antibody treatment for coronavirus in humans as soon as next month, and if everything goes right, perhaps have a treatment ready for widespread distribution by the end of the summer."We generated thousands of [antibodies] and then selected the most powerful and potent ones to grow up into an antibody cocktail," said company president Dr. George Yancopoulos.Like any treatment under development, it might not pan out. But if it does, it could treat coronavirus and possibly also prevent infection for a period of time.A vaccine would likely offer longer lasting immunity, but that would likely take longer to develop, with the earliest estimates set at January."I think antibodies will be finished first, and will be the bridge toward longer immunity, which will be conferred by vaccines," said Crowe, director of the Vanderbilt Vaccine Center at Vanderbilt University Medical Center.'A guided nuclear warhead'. In mid-January, researchers at the Rockefeller University in New York City heard from the National Institutes of Health: Get to work because we hope to have coronavirus antibodies cloned by the spring.About two months later, Rockefeller researcher Jill Horowitz found herself handing out fliers outside a supermarket in New Rochelle, New York, inviting people who'd recovered from coronavirus to learn more about the Rockefeller study.The city -- and in particular one synagogue -- had been hit hard by a coronavirus outbreak."I'm Jewish, and I'm Orthodox, and I know people at Young Israel. I have friends in New Rochelle. Our kids went to school together, so I could go into the community and make my case," said Horowitz, executive director of strategic operations in the immunology laboratory at Rockefeller.In all, more than 100 people donated blood for the study, many of them from the New Rochelle community. Some of their stories will be told in an upcoming documentary, "Rebel Blood The Race to Cure Covid-19."The lead scientist in Rockefeller's monoclonal antibody effort compares it to battle, noting that convalescent plasma has been used for more than a century."If you're thinking about a war, and you're fighting a war with a drug that came out of the early part of the 20thcentury, the monoclonal antibody is like a guided nuclear warhead in comparison," said Dr. Michel Nussenzweig, a professor at Rockefeller.Research by several US teams.Several other US teams also say they've cloned antibodies, including Vanderbilt, Regeneron, Lilly Pharmaceuticals and Distributed Bio.Regeneron anticipates starting clinical trials next month and hopes to provide "hundreds of thousands of doses" to patients by the end of the summer, Yancopoulos said.The company already makes monoclonal antibodies for several illnesses, including cancer, arthritis and asthma."We're using the same exact technology now to come up with a specific tailored approach against Covid-19," Yancopoulos said.Other companies gave a longer timeline. For example, Crowe, the doctor at Vanderbilt, said he anticipates it will be around the first quarter of next year before his team might have a Covid monoclonal antibody treatment ready to distribute.He said it's a good sign that several teams are working on monoclonal antibodies."I think the more groups we have working on it, all the better, and the more shots on goal we have for getting an effective prevention or treatment," he said.|1
The emergence and rapid increase in cases of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19), a respiratory illness caused by a novel coronavirus, pose complex challenges to the global public health, research and medical communities, write federal scientists from NIH’s National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) and from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). Their commentary appears in The New England Journal of Medicine.NIAID Director Anthony S. Fauci, M.D., NIAID Deputy Director for Clinical Research and Special Projects H. Clifford Lane, M.D., and CDC Director Robert R. Redfield, M.D., shared their observations in the context of a recently published report(link is external) on the early transmission dynamics of COVID-19. The report provided detailed clinical and epidemiological information about the first 425 cases to arise in Wuhan, Hubei Province, China.In response to the outbreak, the United States and other countries instituted temporary travel restrictions, which may have slowed the spread of COVID-19 somewhat, the authors note. However, given the apparent efficiency of virus transmission, everyone should be prepared for COVID-19 to gain a foothold throughout the world, including in the United States, they add. If the disease begins to spread in U.S. communities, containment may no longer be a realistic goal and response efforts likely will need to transition to various mitigation strategies, which could include isolating ill people at home, closing schools and encouraging telework, the officials write.Drs. Fauci, Lane and Redfield point to the many research efforts now underway to address COVID-19. These include numerous vaccine candidates proceeding toward early-stage clinical trials as well as clinical trials already underway to test candidate therapeutics, including an NIAID-sponsored trial of the experimental antiviral drug remdesivir that began enrolling participants on February 21, 2020. “The COVID-19 outbreak is a stark reminder of the ongoing challenge of emerging and re-emerging infectious pathogens and the need for constant surveillance, prompt diagnosis and robust research to understand the basic biology of new organisms and our susceptibilities to them, as well as to develop effective countermeasures,” the authors conclude.|1
Misinformation and disinformation in the health space are thriving, including on COVID-19. It is important that you rely only on authoritative sources to get updated information on the COVID-19 outbreak.We suggest that you follow the advice of your public health authorities, and the websites of relevant EU and international organisations: ECDC and WHO. You can also help by not sharing unverified information coming from dubious sources.The fight against disinformation is a joint effort involving all European institutions. To help fight disinformation, the EU is working in close cooperation with online platforms. We are encouraging them to promote authoritative sources, demote content that is fact-checked as false or misleading, and take down illegal content or content that could cause physical harm.|1
Reach into your pocket or purse, and pull put the wallet you carry when you go patriotically shopping at your nearest American small business or gun store.  Is there thirty billion dollars in there? No?  Then your last name isn’t “Obama”, and you don’t own your own private “safe island” where you and your family and friends can wait out any crisis that the unwashed masses have to suffer through.Two days ago, while you and I were washing our hands and not going to the theater to see whatever terrible movie the distributors release in March before saving all the good ones for May, June, and July, the Obama family flew by private jet liner to their private safe island, somewhere in the Pacific tropics, where they will remain safe and sound from any harm.  Several friends and family members flew in on later flights, including religious leader Al Sharpton, actor Jussie Smolette, and basketball star Joe Barron.The multi-billion dollar island, dubbed “Smoovy-O-Town” on nautical charts is over thirty-six miles in area.  The main living mansion resides on the eastern coach with a private beach, tennis courts, and indoor football field, as well as several fresh-water and Noxema-filled swimming pools.  Nearby the domicile is a fully-functioning private mall, with it’s own Cinnabon, Spencer’s Gifts, Gamestop, and not one, but two Starbucks.  To the island’s northern side sits the Obama Command Center, with a private security force, a well-defined hospital, and a factory constantly producing a biologically-engineered apple-like fruit known to cause instant orgasm.All.of this setup certainly seems like the Obamas have written off helping their fellow Americans in any way, and no word has been released detailing how long they plan to hide on the island during this trying time.  But it does feel, some people say, like the attitude being presented is that : “Obama Lives Matter.”  Maybe billions of dollars more than yours or mine.|0
Health care workers are always very aware of the risks they face at work while caring for patients.  During the COVID-19 pandemic, there is increased vigilance in health care settings to prevent infection of patients and health care workers.  Hospital infection control programs are charged with protecting our health care workforce and the patient populations we serve every single day. For protection against COVID infection, meticulous attention to hand hygiene, routine face masking and social distancing also apply in the health care setting.  In addition, health care workers are trained in the proper use and disposal of personal protective equipment and potentially contaminated materials, instructed not to come to work when sick, and if sick, are prioritized for COVID-19 testing.With the appropriate attention to infection prevention practices that every health care facility must practice, health care workers do not pose an increased risk to the community than the public at-large.We are all paying close attention to practices to protect ourselves, our families, and our communities while caring for patients during this challenging time.|1
The controversial Ethiopian politician and Director General of the World Health Organization (WHO), Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, claimed in a press conference in early March that the fatality rate for the coronavirus was many multiples that of the fatality rate of the common flu.This egregiously false premise has led to the greatest panic in world history.The Director General of the WHO spoke on March 3, 2020 and shared this related to the coronavirus:While many people globally have built up immunity to seasonal flu strains, COVID-19 is a new virus to which no one has immunity. That means more people are susceptible to infection, and some will suffer severe disease.Globally, about 3.4% of reported COVID-19 cases have died. By comparison, seasonal flu generally kills far fewer than 1% of those infected.This statement led to the greatest panic in world history as the media all over the world shared and repeated that the coronavirus was many, many times more deadly than the common flu.The problem is his statement is false.  It was not accurate! The Gateway Pundit reported yesterday, that the coronavirus fatality rate reported by the media was completely inaccurate and the actual rate is less than the current seasonal flu – the media was lying again. The false reporting of the coronavirus fatality rate of 3.4% in the media started with the statements made by the WHO in early March.Here’s a summary of the analysis from yesterday proving the Director General’s statement was very misleading and materially false: The fatality rate of the coronavirus was based on current data available of known positive cases and known deaths.Oftentimes estimates have to be made because data is just not yet available. The Director General of the World Health Organization (WHO), Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, used the fatality rate of coronavirus with known numbers and used this as his prediction of eventual mortality rate.  This was a faulty assumption.  Estimates usually involve obtaining information that is available and making estimates on what is not. We cannot tell the future but we can make educated guesses based on information available. This is what has been done with the coronavirus because this type of virus has apparently never been seen before.Sometimes estimates are reasonable and sometimes they are wrong, and even way off.The point is that whenever estimates are made of large unknown values they are always wrong because no one can tell the future. Sometimes estimates end up close and sometimes they are not and sometimes they are way off.The current “estimate” for the coronavirus fatality rate according to the WHO is about 3.4%.The estimate used most often is from the WHO based on the Director General’s comments.  The WHO estimates the mortality rate of the coronavirus to be around 3.4%:The World Health Organization (WHO) has estimated the mortality rate from Covid-19 is about 3.4%. That is higher than seasonal flu and is cause for concern – but even if it is correct, more than 96% of people who become infected with the coronavirus will recover.The same rate for this year’s seasonal flu is 10% if you use known cases and known deaths (but the media tells you it’s .1%).As The Gateway Pundit reported earlier, according to CDC numbers, in the US in the 2019-2020 flu season, there were 222,552 confirmed cases of the flu from testing and an estimated 36 million flu cases in the United States. There were 22,000 estimated deaths from the flu (via the CDC).Note that the number of deaths and confirmed cases (through testing) of the flu in the US are based on actual data. The number of individuals who contracted the flu is an estimate. There is no way to know who had the flu in the US because many cases are not severe and people do not have a test done to confirm they had the flu. They believe their symptoms are minor and go on with their normal lives thinking they had a cold or something similar. Because of this, the CDC estimates and they estimated 36 million people had the flu in this past flu season.The rate of the number of individuals who died from the flu to the number of individuals who were estimated to have had the flu is .1% (22,552 / 36 million). This is an estimate and the amount used above by the Director General of the WHO.However, the rate of individuals who died from the flu to the number of individuals who were confirmed to have had the flu is around 10% (22,000/ 222,552). This is based on actual data similar to the rate for the coronavirus above.Actual results for the coronavirus are lower than the flu.Based on the above numbers, the actual fatality rate for those who were confirmed to have had the coronavirus is 3.4%.The actual mortality rates for those who were confirmed to have had the flu are around 10%.The actual data shows that the mortality rate for those who had the flu (10%) is almost twice as high than for those with the coronavirus (3.8%).Current estimates between the flu and the coronavirus are not comparing ‘apples to apples’.The fatality rate that is commonly referred to in the media for the coronavirus is 3.4% from the WHO. This number is based on confirmed cases of people with the coronavirus.The flu fatality rate provided by the CDC of .1% includes an estimate of individuals who had the flu (36,000,000).  This rate includes an estimate of all people with the flu, most who were not tested for the flu.The fatality rate for the coronavirus does not include those who had the coronavirus but were not confirmed. This is why the flu fatality rate is .1% and the coronavirus fatality rate is 3.4%!The two rates are like comparing apples to oranges. By doing so the coronavirus fatality rate is way overstated when compared to the flu and the WHO and the media has created a worldwide crisis and panic by reporting these rates simultaneously!The coronavirus is not more fatal than the flu based on current data available. It is much less fatal than the flu based on current data.Those most at risk from the coronavirus are the elderly and sick (similar to the flu).Similar to the flu, those most at risk of dying from the coronavirus are the elderly and the sick. The average age for those who died from the coronavirus in Italy is 81 years old. This is consistent around the world. There have been no known fatalities for any children 10 and under.The sick are also at a higher risk similar to the flu. Current data shows that if you have no pre-existing conditions, your fatality rate if you contract the coronavirus is .9% (and what proportion of these cases are the elderly).In summary, President Trump was right when he said the WHO’s coronavirus fatality rate was much too high.Evidence proves the coronavirus is not as deadly as what was reported by the WHO and is continually repeated in the media.In fact, current data shows it is not as deadly as the flu. The elderly and the sick should be concerned and  protected. Everyone else has little to worry about.Again, don’t believe what the media is telling you. They are lying again.|0
How fake news helped this strange (and utterly false) coronavirus myth spin out of control. As fear of the deadly coronavirus has gripped the globe, there has been one rather vocal section of the world, at least online, that’s reveling in their presumed safety from the dreaded disease. You see, over on Black Twitter, folks are boasting that Black people are naturally safe from infection because we have melanin… and also ginger ale.So, um, where did all these ill-founded health rumors start? And why would Black people possibly think that our melanin is like teflon from viral infection?For starters, if you check this interactive map from the New York Times that tracks the spread of the virus, you’ll notice a few areas that have no known infections. You’ll also notice that those same areas have something else in common: They’re places where people with lots of melanin live. You put one and one together, and boom, now you have the beginnings of a quasi-scientific opinion based on an obvious observation.But really, all it took was one fake news story from Valentine’s Day for the hoteps on Facebook and Twitter to flood their feeds with this wave of disinformation. That article, from a website called CityScrollz and which has since been deleted, was later repurposed and has reappeared in more professional-appearing posts, like this one, which features the gripping headline “Chinese Doctor Says African Skin Resists Coronavirus.” A second-wave clickbait news story was published on February 16th by the Zambian Observer. Until yesterday, I’d never heard of this news site, but whatever it is, its reporting on why melanin protects Black people from coronavirus isn’t just factually challenged, it’s a dangerous lie. For instance, consider the scientific acumen of this choice passage.“The Chinese doctors confirmed that Senou stayed alive because of his blood genetic composition which is mainly found in the genetic composition of subsaharan Africans. Chinese doctors also said that he remained alive because he has black skin, the antibodies of a black are three times stronger, powerful and resistant compared to that of a white.“Zanomoya Mditshwa, an African, shared his opinion saying black man is indestructible. ‘Caucasians is always at war with our black skin because they know our melanin is our defense against all that they throw at us. This proves yet again that the black man is indestructible, our bodies are made of the same substances that make up this Earth because we are owners of this universe they will never wipe us off, history has already proved that,’ he said.”While “news” stories like this are good for a laugh, like all ignorance, they also pose a serious health risk. And this rumor has been spreading online about as quickly as the virus has been bouncing across real-world borders.The wrongheaded notion of “melanated protection” has become so commonplace Snopes had to step in to debunk it. The Associated Press Fact Check also did its journalistic due diligence to disrupt the rumor’s spread. Meanwhile, the AFP spoke with Amadou Alpha Sall, the director of the Institut Pasteur in Senegal. The institute is a research center that’s been analyzing the infection profiles of possible patients in Sub-Saharan Africa. He attempted to clear the haze of confusion by saying, “There’s no scientific evidence to support this rumor. Ethnicity and genetics have no influence on recovery from the virus, and Black people don’t have more antibodies than white people.”There is one part of this story that’s real: Senou, the Cameroonian patient referred to. And how he was returned to full health after contracting coronavirus is the story that people should actually know — even if it’s not as funny.As the BBC originally reported, Senou is a 21-year-old student from Cameroon who lives and studies in Jingzhou, China. Having previously contracted malaria as a child, Senou was legit scared when he was convinced that he’d contracted the novel coronavirus. He told the BBC, “When I was going to the hospital for the first time, I was thinking about my death and how I thought it was going to happen.” For his treatment, Chinese doctors didn’t rely on his melanin to beat the virus, nor did they trust that his “black antibodies [were] three times stronger, powerful and resistant”; instead, they gave him antibiotics and drugs usually prescribed to patients battling HIV.Two weeks of medical attention later and Senou was declared to have fully recovered. His medical treatment was fully paid for by the Chinese government. This fact alone would appear to be far more important and integral to his recovery than any racialized strength of his antibodies.Then, late last week, there was even more news that should have upset the narrative that Black people’s melanin somehow makes us naturally immune to coronavirus. That is, the first patient in Sub-Saharan Africa was diagnosed after contracting the semi-deadly illness. The victim was reported in Nigeria. Except there’s a catch: The patient isn’t Black. According to the New York Times, he’s reportedly an Italian national who works in Nigeria. Not to mention, he’d just returned to the country from a trip to Milan, which means that there’s still no official cases of a Sub-Saharan African who has contracted coronavirus. Interestingly, another large geographic area filled with brown people of all shades — India — has also been largely immune to coronavirus, despite the fact that it borders China for 2,167 miles. But again, according to the Economic Times, this probably has more to do with the country’s supply chain (unlike its neighbors, India has been very reluctant to rely on Chinese commerce) than the color of its populace’s skin. After all, the Chinese epicenter of the viral outbreak is Wuhan, a heavily industrial city, whose products ship globally. But India isn’t buying much. If you consider how the virus has hit rural Iran, packaging of Chinese goods would make a lot of sense as a disease vector — and be far more productive to consider than “melanin protection.” Because in tough, ever-evolving cases like these, the answer is hardly ever skin-deep.|1
There is already evidence of widening transmission of SARS-CoV-2 across the Southern Hemisphere, though the virus is currently taking its primary toll in the North. It is likely that 60-65% of Northern Hemisphere populations will be infected with the virus by July or August.As the epidemics seem to diminish later in the summer, action will shift to the South, with COVID-19 sweeping across Latin America, Africa and the South Pacific, similarly infecting upwards of 60% of populations. And then by December, it will make a slow return to the Northern Hemisphere, creating a North/South cycle that will persist for years.Adding additional fuel to the South’s fire will be high HIV infection rates, with more than a third of HIV-infected Africans, in particular, unaware of their status and therefore not on suppressive medication, and immunocompromised.|1
Could the new coronavirus have been created in a lab? Writing in Medium, Youthereum Genetics CEO Yuri Deigin said that he believes it’s quite plausible. He writes that labs across the planet have been creating viruses just like this one for a long time, and while skeptics say that there would be some sign of human manipulation in its genome, modern genetic engineering tools enable genomic fragments to be cut and pasted without leaving a single trace. Not only that, but he insists it’s something that can be carried out quickly, citing the fact that a Swiss team created an authentic clone of CoV2 in under a month.At first, Deigin thought the idea of the virus being a lab creation was little more than a conspiracy theory. In fact, it was only when he was researching the situation to support his belief that he first started having doubts. One big red flag? As he looked further into the research activities coronavirologists have been carrying out in the past two decades, he found that making chimeras like CoV2 was pretty common in their labs.Moreover, he said that virologists like the coronavirus research leader at Wuhan Institute of Virology, Shi Zhengli, have been doing precisely this type of thing since at least 2007. In 2017, they created eight new chimeric coronaviruses there. They even said in an NIH grant that they wanted to create live synthetic viral clones for research purposes.Nobel Prize laureate Luc Montagnier, a co-discoverer of HIV, agrees with the lab theory. He believes that COVID-19 resulted from an attempt to create a vaccine for AIDS that escaped from a lab, although his analysis has not yet been peer reviewed. He thinks that it came about from inserting DNA sequences from HIV into a coronavirus.A third of Americans believe coronavirus was made in a lab.According to a survey, almost a third of Americans believe coronavirus was indeed a lab creation. The Pew Research Center survey, which was carried out between March 10 and 16, involved nearly 9,000 adults. Twenty-nine percent of Americans said they thought the virus was most likely created in a lab. Nearly a quarter of adults say they think the strain currently wreaking havoc on the world was developed intentionally in a lab; 6 percent think it was most likely made by accident.Younger people are even more convinced, with a third of adults between the ages of 18 and 29 thinking it was developed in a lab versus 21 percent of adults aged 65 and older who believe the same. The survey revealed several other divides as well. People with a bachelor’s degree or higher were less likely than those with less education to say the new virus was created in a lab, while more Republicans than Democrats believed it was lab-born at 37 percent versus 21 percent.For his part, Deigin says that there’s no evidence of what really happened, but he does believe there has been a series of strange coincidences that are hard to ignore. He said that for CoV2 to have arisen naturally, bat and pangolin strains would have needed to meet in the same cell of an animal in Wuhan, where the outbreak started. However, since bats weren’t sold at the Wuhan market and tend to hibernate at that time of year and no other carriers of ancestral strains have been found, natural emergence is also difficult to prove.There’s also the fact that American experts raised concerns after a 2018 visit to the Wuhan Institute of Virology about safety within the lab, particularly when it came to their work with bat coronaviruses. They contacted Washington to ask for more U.S. attention and support to the lab to help correct these issues. They noted a shortage of trained technicians and investigators there at the time.We may never know how this deadly disease got its start, as Deigin said a good genetic engineer would be able to create a synthetic virus that is impossible to distinguish from a natural one. He added that he doesn’t want his post to be used to propagate one-sided theories, but he does wish to draw attention to the dangers of the gain-of-function research that goes on in virology.|0
In order to return to normality, a possible requirement, besides social distancing, will be mandatory participation in a global vaccination programme, underwritten by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, the Big Pharma and many other supposed “philanthropists”. Efforts to introduce a vaccine containing nanotechnology to “mark” and keep those injected under surveillance received a big boost, with Bill Gates at its head.|0
Two doctors in the Bakersfield area want the California shelter-in-place order to be lifted.Dr. Dan Erickson and Dr. Artin Massihi own and run an urgent care facility in Kern County.“Do we need to still shelter in place? Our answer is no. Do we need businesses to be shut down? No. Do we need to test them and get them back to work? Yes we do,” says Dr. Dan Erickson.The two say they have their own statistics that show COVID-19 is similar to the flu.Dr. Daniel Erickson is questioning the effectiveness of going into lockdown to prevent the spread of coronavirus. He believes we should be focusing on "Herd Immunity" and backed up his claim with statistics on Good Morning San Diego. sheltering in place would lead to a weakening of the immune system, because this would limit exposure to “normal bacteria and normal flora”. While it is correct that healthy development of the immune system requires exposure to microorganisms like bacteria, fungi, and viruses, sheltering in place would not minimize exposure to microorganisms to the extent of causing immune dysfunction.|0
Today we are going to fact check the fact checkers regarding many online reports that Bill Gates wants to implant microchips in people using vaccines to fight the coronavirus.In this report we are going to focus on two articles that were published which claim to be the arbiters of truth, in these confusing times.So, is the claim that Bill Gates wants to inject you with a vaccine that contains a microchip to track who has and has not been vaccinated true? Watch the report below and decide for yourself! The vaccine "microchip" theory is what I would call a "red herring" or engineered strawman.  Whenever a REAL conspiracy is at play, it never fails that someone somewhere injects a counter-theory that goes beyond anything supported by evidence.  Much like the "hologram planes" on 9/11 theory, or the "virus hoax" theory which claims that all deaths are actually staged with "crisis actors".   I believe these theories are floated into the alternative media by design, and that they are meant to make the movement look ridiculous and irrational while distracting from the very legitimate and provable elitist agenda, such as the push to institute 24/7 tracking of every citizen through biometrics and so-called "immunity passports".  This threat is openly admitted, easily evidenced and very real, but instead we end up debating ludicrous notions that the entire pandemic is a stage play.  Or, we are presented with mindless minutia focusing on the semantics of Bill Gates tracking us with a microchip instead of Bill Gates tracking us with our own biometric attributes as he has consistently said he wants to do.  The goal here is to muddy the waters and divert people away from the core debate - Is it acceptable for the government or the elitist establishment to build a surveillance state and medical tryanny around us in the name of "flattening the curve"?  And the answer is no, it is not, and it should not be tolerated.|0
drinking pure alcohol” or the idea that “Turkish genes are immune to the virus”|0
The outbreak of the coronavirus (COVID-19)Is much too convenient for the Socialist Leftists who would do anything they can to get President Trump out of office. The disease itself originated in Wuhan the capitol of Hubel Province, China in early December 2019 and quickly spread throughout the world in a matter of weeks. The symptoms of COVID-19 are similar to those of the influenza strain that was already a problem in most areas of the world.Many mutated versions of the virus that makes up the non coronavirus influenza has killed more people than COVID-19 thus far and was considered by many experts to be much worse than COVID-19 just a few weeks ago.That was the consensus, until the corrupt World Health Organization labeled COVID-19 a pandemic and much more likely to kill people than the current flu effecting the world.The timing of the COVID-19 outbreak and the negative effect on the world economy is just too convenient to ignore, coming just ahead of the 2020 primary elections.The one thing President Trump has done for the US that cannot be denied by the Socialist Left is build and maintain a fabulous economy and make the US energy independent.An accomplishment that hasn’t been done in many decades.Yet, the number one thing COVID-19 is doing is crashing the stock market, shutting down public events, schools, and having an overall disastrous effect on the economy.Many theorize, COVID-19 is a manufactured germ designed to bring on a worldwide recession, especially here in the US, thus destroying the number one accomplishment of the president.The Nazi nucleus based NWO Socialist movement financed by George Soros, his billionaire buddies and managed by Barack Obama, very well could have brought on this disaster as their nuclear option in getting President Trump out of office.Soros, at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland in 2017 vowed to take down President Trump in every way possible. One of his ideas mentioned included crashing the US economy before the 2020 elections.Soros has investments in Wuxi Pharma Tech who has a laboratory in Wuhan.It was obvious from the beginning of this election year that no Democrat running was capable of beating President Trump. Since telling the truth isn’t an attribute the Deep State wants to see in a Democrat candidate, they want Bernie Sanders out to make way for their chosen candidate Joe Biden. Who, by the way is as Deep State as they come.Unfortunately, Biden is not mentally capable of being President as his mental state seems to be deteriorating with each passing day.As it is, he doesn’t even know what city he is speaking in most of the time, what position he is running for, or even know his own wife standing next to him.With this in mind, it isn’t going to be Biden who will be President because he is incapable of doing the job, the person he chooses as his Vice President will be the individual who is actually President.In a few months after getting elected President, if he does, Biden will resign.|0
Vaccines, for Bill Gates, are a strategic philanthropy that feed his many vaccine-related businesses (including Microsoft’s ambition to control a global vaccination ID enterprise) and give him dictatorial control of global health policy.Gates’ obsession with vaccines seems to be fueled by a conviction to save the world with technology.Promising his share of $450 million of $1.2 billion to eradicate Polio, Gates took control of India’s National Technical Advisory Group on Immunization (NTAGI) which mandated up to 50 doses (Table 1) of polio vaccines through overlapping immunization programs to children before the age of five. Indian doctors blame the Gates campaign for a devastating non-polio acute flaccid paralysis (NPAFP) epidemic that paralyzed 490,000 children beyond expected rates between 2000 and 2017. In 2017, the Indian government dialed back Gates’ vaccine regimen and asked Gates and his vaccine policies to leave India. NPAFP rates dropped precipitously.The most frightening [polio] epidemics in Congo, Afghanistan, and the Philippines, are all linked to vaccines.In 2017, the World Health Organization (WHO) reluctantly admitted that the global explosion in polio is predominantly vaccine strain. The most frightening epidemics in Congo, Afghanistan, and the Philippines, are all linked to vaccines. In fact, by 2018, 70% of global polio cases were vaccine strain.In 2014, the Gates Foundation funded tests of experimental HPV vaccines, developed by Glaxo Smith Kline (GSK) and Merck, on 23,000 young girls in remote Indian provinces. Approximately 1,200 suffered severe side effects, including autoimmune and fertility disorders. Seven died. Indian government investigations charged that Gates-funded researchers committed pervasive ethical violations: pressuring vulnerable village girls into the trial, bullying parents, forging consent forms, and refusing medical care to the injured girls. The case is now in the country’s Supreme Court.South African newspapers complained, ‘We are guinea pigs for the drug makers.’In 2010, the Gates Foundation funded a phase 3 trial of GSK’s experimental malaria vaccine, killing 151 African infants and causing serious adverse effects including paralysis, seizure, and febrile convulsions to 1,048 of the 5,949 children.During Gates’ 2002 MenAfriVac campaign in Sub-Saharan Africa, Gates’ operatives forcibly vaccinated thousands of African children against meningitis. Approximately 50 of the 500 children vaccinated developed paralysis. South African newspapers complained, “We are guinea pigs for the drug makers.” Nelson Mandela’s former Senior Economist, Professor Patrick Bond, describes Gates’ philanthropic practices as “ruthless and immoral.”In 2010, Gates committed $10 billion to the WHO saying, “We must make this the decade of vaccines.” A month later, Gates said in a Ted Talk that new vaccines “could reduce population”. In 2014, Kenya’s Catholic Doctors Association accused the WHO of chemically sterilizing millions of unwilling Kenyan women with a  “tetanus” vaccine campaign. Independent labs found a sterility formula in every vaccine tested. After denying the charges, WHO finally admitted it had been developing the sterility vaccines for over a decade.  Similar accusations came from Tanzania, Nicaragua, Mexico, and the Philippines.A 2017 study (Morgenson et. al. 2017) showed that WHO’s popular DTP vaccine is killing more African children than the diseases it prevents. DTP-vaccinated girls suffered 10x the death rate of children who had not yet received the vaccine. WHO has refused to recall the lethal vaccine which it forces upon tens of millions of African children annually.[Global public health officials] say he has diverted agency resources to serve his personal philosophy that good health only comes in a syringe.Global public health advocates around the world accuse Gates of steering WHO’s agenda away from the projects that are proven to curb infectious diseases: clean water, hygiene, nutrition, and economic development. The Gates Foundation only spends about $650 million of its $5 billion dollar budget on these areas.  They say he has diverted agency resources to serve his personal philosophy that good health only comes in a syringe.In addition to using his philanthropy to control WHO, UNICEF, GAVI, and PATH, Gates funds a private pharmaceutical company that manufactures vaccines, and additionally is donating $50 million to 12 pharmaceutical companies to speed up development of a coronavirus vaccine. In his recent media appearances, Gates appears confident that the Covid-19 crisis will now give him the opportunity to force his dictatorial vaccine programs on American children.|0
A novel coronavirus is a new coronavirus that has not been previously identified. The virus causing coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19), is not the same as the coronaviruses that commonly circulate among humans and cause mild illness, like the common cold.A diagnosis with coronavirus 229E, NL63, OC43, or HKU1 is not the same as a COVID-19 diagnosis. Patients with COVID-19 will be evaluated and cared for differently than patients with common coronavirus diagnosis.|1
WHO has reiterated to all countries that with early and aggressive measures, they can stop transmission and save lives. WHO must be the first entry point for reliable information on the virus and its spread. It also has the unique mandate to provide evidence-based guidance to help countries and individuals to assess and manage their risk and make decisions. This is even more critical now as countries should be preparing for sustained community transmission.WHO must also be able to support the most vulnerable countries.The world requires a comprehensive and coordinated approach as outlined in the Strategic Preparedness and Response Plan that WHO has issued: Establishing international coordination and operational support; scaling up country readiness and response operations; and accelerating priority research and innovation.That turns the question on its head: One of the most important things countries and financial organizations must now do is support WHO in order to protect us all.|1
The risk of being infected on an airplane cannot be excluded, but is currently considered to be low for an individual traveller. The risk of being infected in an airport is similar to that of any other place where many people gather. If it is established that a COVID-19 case has been on an airplane, other passengers who were at risk (as defined by how near they were seated to the infected passenger) will be contacted by public health authorities. Should you have questions about a flight you have taken, please contact your local health authority for advice. The European Union Aviation Safety Agency (EASA) has recommended measures to be taken by national authorities, such as thorough disinfecting and cleaning of aircraft after each flight serving high-risk destinations. EASA also recommended that airlines operating on all routes step up the frequency of cleaning, disinfect as a preventative measure and ensure full disinfection of any aircraft which has carried a passenger who was suspected or confirmed as being infected with COVID-19. Airport operators should similarly disinfect terminals regularly.|1
The number of confirmed cases of coronavirus continues to grow daily. Readers have asked whether the origin of mail and purchased items could affect them.The United States has more than 100 confirmed cases of coronavirus, and new infections are being reported daily. On Tuesday, Amazon said it recently had a Seattle-based employee test positive for covid-19, the disease caused by the virus. A spokesperson for Amazon told The Washington Post that the ill employee is in quarantine. (Amazon chief executive Jeff Bezos owns The Post.). Many of the retailer’s merchants and suppliers are based in China, where one city, Wuhan, became known as ground zero for the virus. That connection has led many readers to question whether they should be fearful of parcels coming from affected areas in China or elsewhere.The simple scientific answer, according to epidemiologists: No.“There’s no evidence that there’s been spread from infected mail or packages,” said Michael Merson, a dean’s special adviser at the New York University School of Global Public Health.Merson, who is also director of the SingHealth Duke-National University of Singapore Global Health Institute, said lab studies have shown the virus can survive up to eight or nine days, but he stressed that factors such as temperature and humidity play a factor in such research.“If I put anything on a surface, that doesn’t tell us about the real world,” he said, noting the virus is mostly spread through droplet infections. “We just don’t have any evidence that this has ever been a problem.”The virus does not last long on objects such as letters or packages, according to the World Health Organization.If people are ordering internationally, contracting the virus is even less of a concern, said Xi Chen, assistant professor of public and global health and economics at the Yale School of Public Health.Chen said viruses similar to the coronavirus, such as SARS and MERS, like low temperatures and low humidity, which aren’t consistent in transit.Proper hand-washing and touching your face less are the best protections against the coronavirus, said Amar Adalja, senior scholar at the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health.“It’s important to be alert, but it’s not a time to panic,” he said. “The vast majority of cases are going to be mild.”|1
A novel respiratory virus that originated in Wuhan, China, last December has spread to six continents. Hundreds of thousands have been infected, at least 20,000 people have died and the spread of the coronavirus was called a pandemic by the World Health Organization in March.Much remains unknown about the virus, including how many people may have very mild or asymptomatic infections, and whether they can transmit the virus. The precise dimensions of the outbreak are hard to know.Here’s what scientists have learned so far about the virus and the outbreak.What is a coronavirus? Coronaviruses are named for the spikes that protrude from their surfaces, resembling a crown or the sun’s corona. They can infect both animals and people, and can cause illnesses of the respiratory tract. At least four types of coronaviruses cause very mild infections every year, like the common cold. Most people get infected with one or more of these viruses at some point in their lives.Another coronavirus that circulated in China in 2003 caused a more dangerous condition known as Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome, or SARS. The virus was contained after it had sickened 8,098 people and killed 774.Middle East Respiratory Syndrome, or MERS, first reported in Saudi Arabia in 2012, is also caused by a coronavirus.The new virus has been named SARS-CoV-2. The disease it causes is called Covid-19.How dangerous is it?It is hard to accurately assess the lethality of a new virus. It appears to be less often fatal than the coronaviruses that caused SARS or MERS, but significantly more so than the seasonal flu. The fatality rate was over 2 percent, in one study. But government scientists have estimated that the real figure could be below 1 percent, roughly the rate occurring in a severe flu season.About 5 percent of the patients who were hospitalized in China had critical illnesses.Children seem less likely to be infected with the new coronavirus, while middle-aged and older adults are disproportionately infected.Men are more likely to die from an infection compared to women, possibly because they produce weaker immune responses and have higher rates of tobacco consumption, Type 2 diabetes and high blood pressure than women, which may increase the risk of complications following an infection.“This is a pattern we’ve seen with many viral infections of the respiratory tract — men can have worse outcomes,” said Sabra Klein, a scientist who studies sex differences in viral infections and vaccination responses at the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health.How is the new coronavirus transmitted?Experts believe that an infected animal may have first transmitted the virus to humans at a market that sold live fish, animals and birds in Wuhan. The market was later shut down and disinfected, making it nearly impossible to investigate which animal may have been the exact origin.  Bats are considered a possible source, because they have evolved to coexist with many viruses, and they were found to be the starting point for SARS. It is also possible that bats transmitted the virus to an intermediate animal, such as pangolins, which are consumed as a delicacy in parts of China, and may have then passed on the virus to humans.The outbreak grew because of human-to-human transmission.People infected with the virus produce tiny respiratory droplets when they breathe, talk, cough or sneeze, allowing the virus to travel through the air.Most respiratory droplets fall to the ground within a few feet. People who are in close contact with those infected, particularly family members and health care workers, may catch the virus this way.Scientists don’t know how long the new coronavirus can live on surfaces, and preliminary research suggests that hot and humid environments may not slow down the pathogen’s spread. Warm weather does tend to inhibit influenza and milder coronaviruses.Infected people may be able to pass on the new coronavirus even if they have few obvious symptoms, a study in Germany has found. That’s “bad news,” said Dr. William Schaffner, an expert in infectious diseases at Vanderbilt University Medical Center in Nashville.When people don’t know they are infected, “they’re up and about, going to work or the gym or to religious services, and breathing on or near other people,” he said. Still, a report by the World Health Organization suggests that asymptomatic cases are rare.What symptoms should I look out for?Symptoms of this infection include fever, cough and difficulty breathing or shortness of breath. The illness causes lung lesions and pneumonia. But milder cases may resemble the flu or a bad cold, making detection difficult.Patients may exhibit other symptoms, too, such as gastrointestinal problems or diarrhea. Current estimates suggest that symptoms may appear in as few as two days or as long as 14 days after being exposed to the virus.If you have a fever or a cough and recently visited China, South Korea, Italy or another place with a known coronavirus outbreak, or spent time with someone who did, see your health care provider. Call first, so the office can prepare for your visit and take steps to protect other patients and staff from potential exposure.Is there a test for the virus? What is the treatment?There is a diagnostic test that can determine if you are infected. It was developed by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, based on genetic information about the virus provided by the Chinese authorities.In early February, the C.D.C. sent diagnostic test kits to 200 state laboratories, but some of the kits were flawed and recalled. Now other laboratories are making their own tests. Other countries are using test kits manufactured locally or sent out by the W.H.O.The C.D.C. announced that anyone who wanted to be tested could, if a doctor approves the request. Private companies, such as LabCorp and Quest Diagnostics, are also rushing to provide tests at various labs across the country, but the supply has yet to meet public demand. Many patients complain that they still cannot get tested. Once a coronavirus infection is confirmed, the treatment is mainly supportive,  making sure the patient is getting enough oxygen, managing his or her fever and using a ventilator to push air into the lungs if necessary, said Dr. Julie Vaishampayan, chairwoman of the public health committee at the Infectious Diseases Society of America.Patients with mild cases are told to rest and drink plenty of fluids “while the immune system does its job and heals itself,” she said. Most people with mild infections recover in about two weeks. More than half of those who have been infected globally have already  recovered.A number of drugs are currently being tested as potential treatments, including  an antiviral medication called remdesivir, which appears to be effective in animals and was used to treat the first American patient in Washington State. The National Institutes of Health is testing the drug on infected patient in a clinical trial in Nebraska. The drug’s maker, Gilead, has also begun trials at various sites in Asia.How long will it take to develop a vaccine?A coronavirus vaccine is still months away — and perhaps years. While new technology, advancements in genomics and improved global coordination have allowed researchers to act quickly, vaccine development remains an expensive and risky process.After the SARS outbreak in 2003, it took researchers about 20 months to get a vaccine ready for human trials. (The vaccine was never needed, because the disease was eventually contained.)By the time of the Zika outbreak in 2015, researchers had brought the vaccine development timeline down to six months.Now, they hope that work from past outbreaks will help cut the timeline further. Scientists at the National Institutes of Health and several companies are working on vaccine candidates.Dr. Anthony S. Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, said a preliminary clinical trial might get off the ground in as little as three months. But researchers would still need to conduct extensive testing to prove a vaccine was safe and effective.How can I protect myself?The best thing you can do to avoid getting infected is to follow the same general guidelines that experts recommend during flu season, because the coronavirus spreads in much the same way. Wash your hands frequently throughout the day. Avoid touching your face, and maintain a distance — at least six feet — from anyone who is coughing or sneezing.The risk of infection with the new coronavirus in the United States “is way too low for the general public to start wearing a face mask,” said Dr. Peter Rabinowitz, co-director of the University of Washington MetaCenter for Pandemic Preparedness and Global Health Security.But, he added, “if you have symptoms of a respiratory illness, wearing a mask reduces the risk of infecting others.”Should I cancel my international travel plans?Many countries have also enacted travel restrictions and bans, closing their doors to people from countries with sustained transmission of the virus. Governments around the world have been screening incoming passengers for signs of illness.Is it too late to contain the virus?W.H.O. officials have credited lockdown measures China imposed in late January for averting the spread of more cases from Wuhan. China sealed off cities, shut down businesses and schools, and ordered residents to remain in their homes. Officials use cellphone data to track and intercept those who have been to Hubei Province.In recent weeks, government workers have gone door-to-door to round up people who are infected, placing them in stadiums and other buildings that have been converted to makeshift hospitals. Now, official reports suggest that new cases in China are waning.But there is growing fear that containment may no longer be possible.Clarence Tam, an assistant professor of infectious diseases at the School of Public Health at the National University of Singapore, said the surge of cases in multiple countries was “concerning because we know the transmissions are spreading at a fast rate.”“We’ve learned some things of this new virus for the past couple of weeks that make it seem unlikely that containment will be a strategy that will completely stop this virus,” he added.There is benefit to delaying its spread as long as possible. Containing the virus may buy health officials more time to stock hospitals with test kits and respirators, and for local governments, companies and schools to enact strategies — telecommuting and online classes, for instance — that may reduce the spread.But the ability of nations to prepare for the arrival of coronavirus cases will depend largely on the strength of their health systems, capacity to conduct tests and effectiveness in communicating updates to the public.“We have been dealing with flu for decades, and even now it seems some countries don’t even have a policy for influenza preparedness,” said Leo Poon, head of the University of Hong Kong’s public health laboratory sciences division. “Not to mention something which is new to them. That’s a problem.”|1
As you may know, NaturalHealth365 has been a proponent of vitamin C for a wide variety of infectious diseases.  Naturally, many of our readers have been quite concerned about the most recent news about the coronavirus outbreak in China.Well, today, I have some very good news – about a way to protect yourself naturally – coming from our friends over at the Orthomolecular Medicine News Service (OMNS).  The editor, Andrew W. Saul, PhD has outlined a scientifically valid way to keep your immune system strong.  Enjoy the read!!Press Release: OMNS January 26, 2020. The coronavirus pandemic can be dramatically slowed, or stopped, with the immediate widespread use of high doses of vitamin C.Physicians have demonstrated the powerful antiviral action of vitamin C for decades. There has been a lack of media coverage of this effective and successful approach against viruses in general, and coronavirus in particular.It is very important to maximize the body’s anti-oxidative capacity and natural immunity to prevent and minimize symptoms when a virus attacks the human body. The host environment is crucial. Preventing is obviously easier than treating severe illness.But treat serious illness seriously. Do not hesitate to seek medical attention. It is not an either-or choice. Vitamin C can be used right along with medicines when they are indicated.“I have not seen any flu yet that was not cured or markedly ameliorated by massive doses of vitamin C.” (Robert F. Cathcart, MD). The physicians of the Orthomolecular Medicine News Service and the International Society for Orthomolecular Medicine urge a nutrient-based method to prevent or minimize symptoms for future viral infection. The following inexpensive supplemental levels are recommended for adults; for children reduce these in proportion to body weight:Vitamin C: 3,000 milligrams (or more) daily, in divided doses.Vitamin D3: 2,000 International Units daily. (Start with 5,000 IU/day for two weeks, then reduce to 2,000). Magnesium: 400 mg daily (in citrate, malate, chelate, or chloride form). Zinc: 20 mg daily. Selenium: 100 mcg (micrograms) daily. Vitamin C, Vitamin D, magnesium, zinc, and selenium have been shown to strengthen the immune system against viruses.The basis for using high doses of vitamin C to prevent and combat virus-caused illness may be traced back to vitamin C’s early success against polio, first reported in the late 1940s.[6] Many people are unaware, even surprised, to learn this. Further clinical evidence built up over the decades, leading to an anti-virus protocol published in 1980.It is important to remember that preventing and treating respiratory infections with large amounts of vitamin C is well established. Those who believe that vitamin C generally has merit, but massive doses are ineffective or somehow harmful, will do well to read the original papers for themselves. To dismiss the work of these doctors simply because they had success so long ago sidesteps a more important question: Why has the benefit of their clinical experience not been presented to the public by responsible governmental authorities, especially in the face of a viral pandemic?|0
Because of the coronavirus, the World Health Organization has declared an emergency of international importance. Countries close borders one after another. In Russia, they restrict traffic at checkpoints on the border with China and Mongolia, passenger rail services are stopped, and air traffic is limited.Cases of infection have already been recorded in 23 states. Now, on this list, Russia, however, is again sick of the citizens of China.“A patient with coronavirus infection is in a special ward. The patient was suspected with suspicion on the day of crossing the border, ”said Svetlana Lapa, head of the Rospotrebnadzor for the Trans-Baikal Territory.The number of infected around the world exceeded 14 thousand people, another 20 thousand - under suspicion. More than 90 percent is accounted for by China itself, more than 300 people became victims of the virus. Immediately in 31 provinces of China, an emergency regime was introduced.A virus vaccine is already being developed, including by our scientists. The Russian Ministry of Health has prepared recommendations to prevent the spread of infection.The leadership of the country is following the epidemic, a special headquarters has been formed, headed by Deputy Prime Minister Tatyana Golikova. The protective measures that are being taken in the regions are reported directly to the Russian leader Vladimir Putin.The President ordered the evacuation of citizens of our country from the most infected regions with the help of the Russian Aerospace Forces. The first airplanes of the Ministry of Defense are ready to fly to the epicenter country. Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin decided to close ground checkpoints in the Far East, and the Russians immediately removed from China.The checkpoint is closed, which is why a kilometer-long queue of heavy trucks has accumulated here. And now a bus is passing by us - there are tourists in it, who urgently had to be evacuated from China, ”Zvezda correspondent Denis Ivlev reports from the border.  Sophia Horova is studying in Harbin. She was among those hundred Russians who were urgently returned to their homeland by bus. She admits that it was unexpected for her.“They didn’t tell us anything until the last. On the contrary, it was assumed that we would stay until March until the border was opened, ”Sofia said.At the border crossings, all passengers underwent careful control - checking with thermal imagers, examination by doctors. There were some difficulties - two people were unhealthy. They found a high fever, which is the first symptom of a coronavirus. Just a few hours later, the test showed that tourists had an ordinary SARS, but doctors were required to play it safe.Today, response measures are also being taken at regional levels. In the border region with the province of Heilongjiang Blagoveshchensk, a “mask” regime was introduced for schoolchildren.In Vladivostok, they prepared special isolated rooms for potential infected people, they also do tests to identify coronavirus and carry out all the necessary procedures to monitor the condition of patients and prevent further spread of the disease.The once-bustling Chinese market in Vladivostok is now empty. Even before the epidemic, all the merchants left for their homeland to celebrate the Eastern New Year, but the holidays will soon end, and if the border is opened, Chinese citizens will begin to return en masse to Russia, including from the infected areas of China.Mikhail Schelkanov, doctor of biological sciences, professor at the FEFU School of Biomedicine and head of the virology laboratory of the Federal Research Center for Biodiversity of the Far Eastern Branch of the Academy of Sciences knows everything about viruses. He has worked with hundreds of diseases, including Ebola. I am sure that the return of Chinese citizens to Russia should not be harmful.“I see no reason to panic. If you look at the incidence rate, even if it is relative to the population of Hubei Province, you will see that this is a tiny percentage. The level of deaths from patients at the level of 2-3%. With all the cynicism, this is a very low percentage. And we must take into account that the spread rate is much lower than the same flu that we are familiar with, ”Mikhail Shchelkanov explains.There are many theories about the origin of coronavirus and the further development of events. The most popular one concerns the monstrous prediction of Microsoft CEO Bill Gates. Last year, he said that 33 million people could die from such a coronavirus in 250 days. The calculations are purely mathematical, but true, the IT tycoon is sure.After such statements, adherents of conspiracy theories literally have no doubt that the virus is of artificial origin, and Bill Gates is one of its main sponsors. Another fact adds weight to this theory - a few months ago, the head of Microsoft held a conditional exercise called Event 201, which simulated an outbreak of a new virus that killed 65 million people in 18 months. The idea of ​​the teachings is simple - globalization for salvation."So, let's begin. The world has been seized by a global pandemic. And only well-coordinated work of states and big business can stop it. ”It is noteworthy that the famous pharmaceutical giants and the Pentagon leadership participated in this theater of cruel cynicism.“This cannot be a coincidence, when the exercises were conducted, the coronavirus did not exist. Either it should be Nostradamus, or the person who created it. Therefore, these exercises are no longer even indirectly, but directly confirm Gates’s involvement in this story, ”said Dmitry Zhuravlev, political scientist and director of the Institute for Regional Problems.The fact is that while the disease affects only the representatives of the Mongoloid race, such suspicious selectivity raises questions from experts. No less widespread discussion was caused by the story around the laboratory for the study of dangerous viruses. It is located in Wuhan, 32 kilometers from the same market where the disease was first recorded.However, there is another biolaboratory in Wuhan - until recently, nothing was known about it. Her address is like someone’s joke - Gaoxin, three sixes - the number mentioned in the Bible, under which the name of the beast of the Apocalypse is hidden. But it’s even more symbolic that it exists on the money of the famous banker Jorozh Soros, who shares the globalist ideas of Bill Gates. It would seem that nuclear conspiracy theology is completely different, but experts say that a tricky plan lies behind the absurd wrapper.“She is not only Soros, but also Chinese. And that might work. 11 million people - times. Chinese responsibility is higher. If the virus escapes, then China will respond. And the United States and Soros will be out of business. A very good plan, ”adds Dmitry Zhuravlev.Economists claim that the outbreak of a new virus could cause another economic crisis. Trading on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange is accompanied by a decline in quotations. Assets related to tourism, trade, gambling and transport are falling. But at the same time there are those who benefit from the coronavirus.“Any pharmaceutical company that is involved in the development of epidemiology-related medicines — be it vaccines, antibiotics, immunomodulators — anything that can be considered a treatment for influenza — it benefits from this. It’s just like two or two, ”said Alexander Saversky, president of the Patients League, member of the expert council under the Russian government.Some "marketing geniuses" decided that the epidemic is a good reason to rebrand a simple SARS. Pharmacies are actively selling antiviral and immunomodulating drugs with the slogans "Protect yourself from coronavirus." One thing is clear, those who benefit from the disease will continue to fuel mass hysteria. After all, a set of pills, sprays and potions can be sold well, and common sense is free. Wash your hands after the street and if you have symptoms of illness, consult a doctor - that’s all.However, on a deadly virus, you can earn not only money, but also subscribers. Bloggers and just active users of social networks, taking advantage of the moment, shoot provocative videos that sometimes scare people, to put it mildly.Such cynical humor allow themselves and the federal media. The cartoonist of the famous Danish publication Jyllands-Posten, Niels Bo Boysen, redrawed the flag of China, removing yellow stars from it and replacing them with images of the virus. China even demanded a formal apology, but received a refusal from the media leadership. Like, this is not a mockery of the victims, it is in Europe - freedom of speech.But the French publication Agora is ironic over itself: on a caricature, the reaction of society to coronavirus and flu. The first - did not take a single life in France, but is perceived as the end of the world, the second - kills 10 thousand French every year, but no one pays attention to it.|0
STORY AT-A-GLANCEFrancis Boyle, who for decades has advocated against the development and use of bioweapons, suspects COVID-19 is a weaponized pathogen that escaped from Wuhan City’s Biosafety Level 4 facility, which was specifically set up to research coronaviruses and SARSAccording to Boyle, the COVID-19 virus is a chimera. It includes SARS, an already weaponized coronavirus, along with HIV genetic material and possibly flu virus. It also has gain of function properties that allow it to spread a greater distance than normalThe incubation period for COVID-19 infection is still unknown, but estimates range from 14 days to 30 daysThe U.S. government spent $100 billion on biological warfare programs since September 11, 2001, up until October 2015While there have so far only been a limited number of reported cases of COVID-19 infection in the U.S., the U.S. military has designated several detention sites around the country to quarantine Americans, should the situation take a turn for the worse. As you know, a novel coronavirus (initially labeled 2019-nCOV before being renamed COVID-19 by the World Health Organization1) originating in Wuhan City, Hubei Province in China, is rapidly spreading across the world.The first case was reported in Wuhan on December 21, 2019. Symptoms include fever, shortness of breath, severe cough and pneumonia which, in more severe cases, can lead to impaired kidney and liver function and kidney failure.On January 21, 2020, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention confirmed the first U.S. case4 — a patient in Washington state who had recently visited Wuhan. Then, the first U.S. death was reported February 29, 2020, in Washington state.Less than a week later, CBS News reported March 5, 2020, that the number of deaths had quickly risen to 11 nationwide in the U.S. — 10 in Washington state and one in California.6 Not only that, but as of that day, “The World Health Organization urged governments around the world to pull out ‘all the stops’” to fight the outbreak. On the up side, China “appeared to be over the worst” of it, CBS said.All told, as of March 5, 2020, there were 98,067 reported cases of novel coronavirus infections affecting 88 countries, 80,430 of which were in China. Worldometer.info provides an easy overview of confirmed cases and deaths that you can check for the latest statistics.COVID-19 — A Weaponized Coronavirus?In this interview, Francis Boyle — whose background includes an undergraduate degree from the University of Chicago, a juris doctor (lawyer) degree from Harvard and a Ph.D. in political science — shares his theory of the origin of this novel coronavirus.For decades, he's advocated against the development and use of bioweapons, which he suspects COVID-19 is. In fact, Boyle was the one who called for biowarfare legislation at the Biological Weapons Convention of 1972, and the one who drafted the Biological Weapons Anti-Terrorism Act of 1989, which was passed unanimously by both houses of Congress and signed into law by George Bush, Sr.At the time of this recording, February 14, 2020, more than 50,000 people in China had been infected with the virus. Certainly, it does not originate from infected bat soup.As a result of Boyle's antibiological warfare work, which goes back to the early days of the Reagan administration — a time in which they were using DNA genetic engineering to manufacture biological weapons — Boyle has carefully followed "mysterious outbreaks of disease in both humans and animals around the world" that have appeared since then."My biowarfare antiterrorism act was specifically designed to not only to deal with regular biological weapons but also with DNA genetic engineering for biological weapons that was just coming into its infancy when the BWC was being drafted.Even though the BWC would cover DNA genetic engineering, I wanted to make it clear by name that it was covered. I also made it clear [that] it covered synthetic biology as well," Boyle says."So, when these unexplained mysterious illnesses break out, I monitor them a while and usually I just conclude they can be explained by normal reasons: lack of sanitation, poverty, things of that nature. But in Wuhan it seemed pretty suspicious to me.There is this Biosafety Level 4 facility there in Wuhan. It's the first in China, and it was specifically set up to deal with the coronavirus and SARS. SARS is basically a weaponized version of the coronavirus.There have been leaks before of SARS out of this facility, and indeed the only reason for these BSL-4 facilities, based on my experience, is the research, development, testing and stockpiling of offensive biological weapons.For that reason, I stated my opinion: That this Wuhan coronavirus leaked out of that BSL-4 facility … maybe mid-November … and the Chinese government has been lying about it and covering up ever since."Many Unknowns Remain. The first reported case of COVID-19 infection was December 1, 2019. Depending on the incubation period, which is still unknown, the initial lead, provided there was one, might have occurred anywhere in November. The official estimate is a 14-day incubation period, but a British health expert believes it's 24 days, and North Korean biological warfare experts believe it's 30 days, Boyle says."As for Wuhan and Hubei Province, they're basically under martial law. There's no other word for it. If you read the statements by President Xi and his assistants, they've made it very clear they're at war here, and that is correct. They're at war with their own biological warfare agent.President Xi just fired the party apparatchiks in charge of this and has brought in trusted military personnel to handle it, as well as large numbers of PLA [People's Liberation Army] forces saying they're health care workers. They don't look like health care workers to me. So, as of now, that's my best reading of the situation."When asked about rumors the COVID-19 virus might have been stolen from a high-security laboratory in Winnipeg, Canada, Boyle says:"It could have been. I want to make it clear that, in my opinion they were already working on that at the Wuhan BSL-4 facility. They were working on a biological warfare weapon involving SARS, which is a coronavirus to begin with.We do know that Dr. [Yoshihiro] Kawaoka at the University of Wisconsin … resurrected the Spanish flu virus for the Pentagon, obviously for weapons purposes, and he specializes in mating the Spanish flu virus to all sorts of hideous biowarfare instrumentalities. And there was a record of him shipping his products to Winnipeg.Winnipeg is Canada's equivalent of our own Fort Detrick. It's a BSL-4 facility, and yes, they research, develop tests, manufacture and stockpile every type of hideous biological warfare weapon that we know of. So, some of this technology could have been stolen from Winnipeg. I don't know about that but, as I said, the Wuhan BSL-4 was already working on this to begin with.They had already developed SARS. SARS had leaked out two to three times before this, and it seems they were turbocharging SARS, which is what [COVID-19] looks to be. This is a brand-new generation of biowarfare weapons we haven't seen before.Its lethality goes from 15%, as estimated by Lancet, up to 17% to 18% by a British health official and even Chinese statistics. Its infectivity is 83%. It can infect maybe three to four people for every person infected.It has gain of function properties, which means it travels through air at least 6 or 7 feet, and … there are reports that even contaminated human feces give it off, that the human feces radiate off maybe 6 or 7 feet. So, we've never seen anything like this before in the history of biological warfare, at least in the public record.I want to make it clear: I have never worked for the United States government. I've never had a security clearance. I've never had access to any type of secret information.I just read what is in the public record and the scientific record and try to draw my own conclusions, and that's what I'm giving you today. I could change my opinion if people can provide me reputable scientific evidence to the contrary.Right now, I'm standing by my conclusion that it leaked out of the Wuhan BSL-4, the highest level of the Chinese government has known about it, they've been covering it up from the get-go, until they informed the WHO at the end of December."Despite Laws, Biowarfare Experimentation Is Alive and Well. As noted by Boyle, the Wuhan lab is a designated WHO research lab, which may sound odd, considering these facilities specialize in developing and researching dangerous pathogens that can easily be turned into bioweapons. According to Boyle, we should not be surprised however, as "WHO is up to its eyeballs in this type of work and has been for quite some time." The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the drug industry also appear to have had their hand in many of the outbreaks of what appear to be weaponized viruses."I won't go through the long history of big pharma getting involved in this. There's huge amounts of money here. I believe the West Africa Ebola pandemic originated out of the US BSL-4 facility in Sierra Leone, and [that] they were testing out a so-called vaccine that contained live Ebola and gave it to these poor people," Boyle says."As for the CDC, it has been involved in every … BSL-4 biological warfare death science you could possibly imagine … It's a matter of public record that during the Reagan administration, the CDC and the American Type Culture Collection sent 40 shipments of weapons-grade biological warfare agents to Saddam Hussein in Iraq, in the hope and expectation that he would weaponize these agents and use them against Iran.Of course, the problem is that when that war was over … an order was given to U.S. military forces to blow up Saddam Hussein's biological warfare facilities, and that's not how you deal with biological warfare weapons. [It] contaminated our own troops, and that was a causative factor in the Gulf War Syndrome that … murdered about 11,000 U.S. troops and disabled about 100,000."According to Boyle, the U.S. government spent $100 billion on biological warfare programs since September 11, 2011, up until October 2015, which is no small sum. To put it into perspective, the U.S. spent $40 billion (assuming a constant dollar value) on the Manhattan Project, which developed the atomic bomb. Boyle also estimates the U.S. has some 13,000 life scientists working within the biowarfare industry."Clearly, the Reagan administration, under the influence of its neoconservatives who definitely believe in biological weapons and ethnic-specific biological weapons (you can see that in the PNAC report), were engaged in the use of DNA genetic engineering for the purpose of manufacturing biological weapons.That is why I gave a Congressional briefing in Washington, D.C. in 1985. I was asked to do that by the Council for Responsible Genetics that I work with, which involves the leading life scientists in the world from MIT and Harvard.I spent seven years at Harvard. I have three degrees and I knew all these people. They asked me to serve as their lawyer and give this Congressional briefing. I blew the whistle, and then they asked me to draft the implementing legislation, which I did.I want to make it clear I'm not here to speak in their name, I'm only speaking in my name, but if you look at my book, 'Biological Warfare and Terrorism,' professor Jonathan King wrote the foreword. So, I have the leading MIT professor of molecular biology supporting what I'm saying, if you don't think I know enough science about it."US Prepares for COVID-19 Pandemic. While there have so far only been a limited number of reported cases of COVID-19 infection in the U.S., the U.S. military has designated several detention sites around the country to quarantine Americans,8 should the situation take a turn for the worse.Historically speaking, however, government health officials have been vastly exaggerating the threat of pandemics in the U.S., including the bird flu, the swine flu, anthrax and Ebola.For example, as detailed in my 2009 New York Times bestseller "The Great Bird Flu Hoax," then-President George Bush Jr. projected 2 million Americans would die from bird flu; the best-case scenario taking only 200,000 lives. The final death count in the U.S. from that pandemic was zero.It generated massive profits, though, as U.S. taxpayer dollars were used to purchase 20 million doses of Tamiflu. One of the people who was able to line his pockets from that hoax was defense secretary Donald Rumsfeld, who was president of Gilead Sciences when the drug was created."[The bird flu] was another DNA, genetically engineered biological warfare weapon," Boyle notes. "It was a chimera. It had three different elements in it and we were all lucky that somehow they attenuated the lethality and the infectiveness of the bird flu."Whether or not COVID-19 will be similarly ineffective in its spread and lethality remains to be seen. Judging by the statistics in China, "it doesn't look very good," Boyle says.Understanding the COVID-19 Virus. According to Boyle, the COVID-19 virus is a chimera, like the avian flu virus before it. It includes SARS, an already weaponized coronavirus, along with HIV genetic material. "That was in a published article by Indian scientists. You could see the pictures right there, [but] political pressure was brought to bear upon them so they withdrew [the paper]."This is why some scientists are now looking into using HIV drugs to treat it,9 Boyle says. COVID-19 may also have a flu virus mixed in, along with gain of function properties that allow it to spread a greater distance than normal.Pandemics Repeatedly Used to Further Police State. Pandemics have also been used to chip away public freedoms. For example, the anthrax scare of 2001 was used as the impetus for signing the Patriot Act, which was the first step in taking away many of our personal freedoms and rolling out a complete surveillance state. To me, such outcomes are far more concerning than the risk of infection itself. Boyle adds:"They used Amerithrax to ram the Patriot Act through, that is correct … We became a police state … And as I pointed out in 'Biowarfare and Terrorism,' I think the same people who were behind the 9/11 terrorist attack were also behind the Amerithrax, but I'm just connecting dots there. What's called Amerithrax came out of a U.S. government biological warfare weapons lab and program, and I publicly blew the whistle on that the first weekend of November 2001.The Council for Responsible Genetics was having its convention at Harvard Business School and I was chairing a panel with King and other experts on biological warfare, on U.S. biological warfare programs.As I was walking into the Harvard Divinity School, Fox TV had a camera crew there and I said, 'Obviously, this came out a U.S. biological weapons program and probably Fort Detrick.'I conducted the session and made the same comment. Then I made a comment to a Washington, D.C., radio station to that effect [and to] the BBC, so everyone in the world heard me.At that point, someone gave an order that I was never to be interviewed again by any mainstream news about biological warfare programs. And that's been the case since the first week of November 2001."As noted by Boyle, George Orwell's book, "1984," has become reality. Boyle has since lectured lawyers at DePaul Law School in Chicago about the totalitarian nature of the Patriot Act."Snowden has correctly pointed out the federal government is spying on everything we say, all of our electronic communications, you name it," Boyle says."And again, the proof is I've been completely blackballed out of U.S. media. Indeed, if you go back and look at the Amerithrax attacks, they also hit mainstream U.S. media to make it clear to them that if they covered this issue they will be killed too."Bioweapons Are Developed To Be Used. As noted by Boyle, the U.S. government has a large stockpile of Amerithrax — a super weapons-grade nanotechnology anthrax with 1 trillion spores per gram — and that's just the tip of the iceberg of the biological weapons developed. What's more, Boyle has no doubt these weapons will eventually be put to use, as they have in the past. He says:"There was a tabletop exercise at John Hopkins University last fall … on coronavirus.10 Tabletop exercise, that's a euphemism for a war game. Their estimate was that it killed 65 million people11. John Hopkins is up to their eyeballs in this Nazi biological warfare dirty work. They have a BSL-3 facility there … that they proudly announce on their website … They justify it by saying they're developing vaccines. OK … How do they do that?They go out around the world, and this is a matter of public record, and scour for every type of hideous disease, fungus, virus and bacteria you can possibly imagine. They then bring it back to these BSL-4 labs and develop an offensive, biological agent using DNA genetic engineering and synthetic biology … set up by the Pentagon under DARPA. Once they have this offensive agent, they then proceed to develop a vaccine, because the agent is no good unless you can have a vaccine to protect your own people.So, they're developing vaccines to have biological weapons, because a biological weapon consists of two elements: the offensive biological warfare agent in the first place, and then, second, a vaccine to protect your own people, and that is what is being done at all these BSL-4 facilities, and many of the BSL-3s as well.John Hopkins has a BSL-3 and they admit they do dual use. That's what dual use means. They first develop the offensive biological warfare agent and then they develop the supposed vaccine."Indeed, Johns Hopkins University is the biggest recipient of research grants from federal agencies, including the National Institutes of Health, National Science Foundation and Department of Defense. It has also received millions of dollars in research grants from the Gates Foundation.12 In 2016, Johns Hopkins spent more than $2 billion on research projects, leading all U.S. universities in research spending for the 38th year in a row.How Can We Best Prevent or Treat COVID-19 Infection?While it's unclear exactly which treatment is the most effective, my guess is that Dr. Paul Marik's intravenous vitamin C protocol for sepsis would be a good starting point, seeing how sepsis appears to be what kills those who succumb to a serious COVID-19 infection.Marik's retrospective before-after clinical study14,15 showed that giving patients IV vitamin C with hydrocortisone and vitamin B1 for two days reduced mortality from 40% to 8.5%. The precise protocol used was 200 mg of thiamine every 12 hours, 1,500 mg of ascorbic acid every six hours, and 50 mg of hydrocortisone every six hours.16 Importantly, the treatment has no side effects and is inexpensive, readily available and simple to administer.According to Marik, vitamin C and corticosteroids have a synergistic effect,17 which is part of why his combo protocol is so effective. Still, simply using high-dose IV vitamin C exclusively has been shown to improve survival in patients with sepsis and acute respiratory failure, reducing mortality from 46% to 30%.It also reduced the number of days they needed to remain hospitalized. On average, those who received vitamin C had by Day 28 spent three fewer days in the intensive care unit than the placebo group (seven days compared to 10). By Day 60, the treatment group had also spent seven fewer days in the hospital overall —15 days compared to 22.19. While there are no trials that look at integrating hyperbaric oxygen therapy (HBOT), my suspicion is that this would provide a powerful synergy that could get the fatality rate from sepsis even closer to zero. Sadly, HBOT is not available at many hospitals, and even if it were, it is not approved for sepsis.|0
Today, the European Commission has decided to create a strategic rescEU stockpile of medical equipment such as ventilators and protective masks to help EU countries in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic. President Ursula von der Leyen said: “With the first ever common European reserve of emergency medical equipment we put EU solidarity into action. It will benefit all our Member States and all our citizens. Helping one another is the only way forward.” Medical equipment part of the stockpile will include items such as: intensive care medical equipment such as ventilators, personal protective equipment such as reusable masks, vaccines and therapeutics, laboratory supplies. Commissioner for Crisis Management, Janez Lenarčič said: "The EU is taking action to get more equipment to Member States. We are setting up a rescEU stockpile to rapidly get the supplies needed to fight the coronavirus. It will be used to support Member States facing shortages of equipment needed to treat infected patients, protect health care workers and help slow the spread of the virus. Our plan is to move ahead without delay.” How the rescEU stockpile works The stockpile will be hosted by one or several Member States. The hosting State will be responsible for procuring the equipment.The Commission will finance 90% of the stockpile. The Emergency Response Coordination Centre will manage the distribution of the equipment to ensure it goes where it is needed most. The initial EU budget of the stockpile is €50 million, of which €40 million is subject to the approval of the budgetary authorities.In addition, under the Joint Procurement Agreement, Member States are in the process of purchasing personal protective equipment, respiratory ventilators and items necessary for coronavirus testing. This coordinated approach gives Member States a strong position when negotiating with the industry on availability and price of medical products. Next steps Once the measure enters into law on Friday 20 March, the Member State wishing to host rescEU stockpiles can apply for a direct grant from the European Commission. The direct grant covers 90 % of the costs of the stockpile while the remaining 10 % are borne by the Member State. Background rescEU is part of the EU Civil Protection Mechanism which strengthens cooperation between Participating States in the field of civil protection, with a view to improving prevention, preparedness and response to disasters. The proposal upgrades the EU Civil Protection Mechanism's rescEU reserve of assets that already includes firefighting planes and helicopters. Through the Mechanism, the European Commission plays a key role in coordinating the response to disasters in Europe and beyond. When the scale of an emergency overwhelms the response capabilities of a country, it can request assistance via the Mechanism. To date, all EU Member States participate in the Mechanism, as well as Iceland, Norway, Serbia, North Macedonia, Montenegro and Turkey. Since its inception in 2001, the EU Civil Protection Mechanism has responded to over 330 requests for assistance inside and outside the EU.|1
Strong health systems are certainly a crucial foundation for preparedness. All countries, rich or poor, need to have a set of core national preparedness capabilities. For example, they need strong surveillance systems in place that can detect infectious diseases with pandemic potential, robust case detection, and effective contact tracing, identifying and reaching those who may have been in contact with an infected person.But that’s only part of the story. By definition, pandemics cross national boundaries—they are global in nature and they require a global response, not just a national one. A whole set of “transnational” activities, called global public goods, is another critical plank in pandemic preparedness. These require collective funding by all countries. Such goods include developing medical countermeasures like pandemic vaccines, diagnostics, and treatments, stockpiling of medical supplies (including personal protective equipment), and ensuring that there is global “surge capacity” to rapidly scale up production and distribution of vaccines. |1
As most people sit at home and patiently await their release from the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) lockdowns, reports continue to surface about potentially nefarious activities that are taking place under the cover of darkness while almost nobody is looking.One of these activities involves the alleged installation of 5G towers and biometrics systems at public schools, as well as inside and on top of other publicly funded facilities. Since many public outfits are temporarily shut down due to the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19), now is the perfect time for them to be outfitted with technologies that, were students and their parents present on a daily basis, would otherwise be much harder to conceal.Back in mid-March, the YouTube channel “Logic Before Authority” posted a video detailing a message purportedly received from a member of a local school board who claims that school districts are covertly installing 5G equipment in public schools while students remain at home indefinitely with their parents. And this same source claims that the U.S. Department of Education is the one directing these installations.This video is available for viewing below:5G, biometrics systems being covertly installed in schools during coronavirus lockdowns. biometrics, China, Chinese Virus, coronavirus, covert, covid-19, disease, Glitch, global emergency, Global Pandemic, infection, installation, lockdowns, novel coronavirus, outbreak, pandemic, police state, schools, surveillance, virus, Wuhan, Wuhan coronavirus, 5G, biometrics systems being covertly installed in schools during coronavirus lockdowns. As most people sit at home and patiently await their release from the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) lockdowns, reports continue to surface about potentially nefarious activities that are taking place under the cover of darkness while almost nobody is looking.One of these activities involves the alleged installation of 5G towers and biometrics systems at public schools, as well as inside and on top of other publicly funded facilities. Since many public outfits are temporarily shut down due to the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19), now is the perfect time for them to be outfitted with technologies that, were students and their parents present on a daily basis, would otherwise be much harder to conceal.Back in mid-March, the YouTube channel “Logic Before Authority” posted a video detailing a message purportedly received from a member of a local school board who claims that school districts are covertly installing 5G equipment in public schools while students remain at home indefinitely with their parents. And this same source claims that the U.S. Department of Education is the one directing these installations.This video is available for viewing below:If workers are caught entering and leaving public schools, this same source says that many of them are being instructed to state that they’re present for “disinfection” purposes. But upon closer analysis, this doesn’t appear to be true, at least not according to video footage that was captured of mysterious white work vans parked behind an unknown school.Although we do not see the name or location of the school, the video clearly shows vans for two companies – Systems Plus Wisconsin and North American Mechanical, Inc,” reports Global Research (Canada). “Both companies appear to be headquartered in Madison, Wisconsin.Systems Plus Wisconsin hangs up phone after being asked if their vans are associated with 5G installationsWhen the person who filmed all of the white vans at the school decided to contact the one company, Systems Plus Wisconsin, which admits that it installs biometrics systems, the person on the other end of the phone reportedly hung up when asked if there was anything happening in relation to 5G.The word 5G has almost become a dirty word, and something that even the companies that deal with it don’t want to be associated with anymore because of the negative stigma that’s attached to it. If you’d like to learn more about the dangers of 5G, be sure to check out the documentary film 5G Apocalypse: The Extinction Event.Since these two videos were published, many other inquisitive minds have checked out their local schools and observed similar activities. Mysterious vans installing unusual towers and antennas on school grounds during these lockdowns are apparently more common than previously thought, which is sparking a growing public backlash.Citizen journalists, if you will, are encouraged to get out there and take a look, and report what they find on social media, on YouTube, and even directly to their local school boards. Put the pressure where it needs to be and demand answers, otherwise this type of activity will only continue unquestioned.“Our concern is that 5G could be installed without our knowledge while we are grappling with the fallout of the COVID-19 pandemic, and that the installation of biometric systems could be a part of a more sinister agenda,” reports Global Research.|0
Germany gave the green light for human trials of potential coronavirus vaccines developed by German biotech company BioNTech, which is racing teams in Germany, the U.S. and China to develop an agent that will stop the pandemic.The trial, only the fourth worldwide of a vaccine targeting the virus, will be initially conducted on 200 healthy people, with more subjects, including some at higher risk from the disease, to be included in a second stage, German vaccines regulator the Paul Ehrlich Institut said on Wednesday.BioNTech said it was developing four vaccine candidates under a programme named BNT162 with its partner, pharma giant Pfizer.Tests of the vaccine were also planned in the United States, once regulatory approval for testing on humans had been secured there.BioNTech, which awarded the rights in China to BNT162 to Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical under a March collaboration deal, is competing with Germany's CureVac and U.S. biotech firm Moderna in the race to develop messenger-RNA vaccines.These molecules act as recipes that instruct human cells to produce antigen proteins, which allow the immune system to develop an arsenal against future coronavirus infections.Moderna started testing its experimental vaccine on humans in March.Two different experimental coronavirus vaccines were approved for human tests by China last week. A unit of Sinovac Biotech and the Wuhan Institute of Biological Products are developing these compounds.In March, China gave the green-light for another clinical trial for a vaccine candidate developed by the Academy of Military Medical Sciences and biotech firm CanSino Bio.|1
What is the true origin of the Wuhan coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2, 2019nCoV, the CCP virus)? Many scientific publications seem to tell you that the virus was born from nature. How reliable are these publications? While, before I comment on that, I would like to bring out an important fact: all of such publications rely on a single evidence – the sequence of a bat coronavirus named RaTG13.RaTG13 looks like a “close cousin” of the Wuhan coronavirus – the two are 96% identical throughout the whole sequence of the viral genome. If RaTG13 is a nature- borne virus, one can comfortably conclude that the Wuhan coronavirus must very likely also come from nature and must share a recent common ancestor with RaTG13.But here is the problem: this RaTG13 virus isn’t real. The evidence of its existence, its sequence, was fabricated.Quite a claim, right? What is the claim based on? How can anyone fabricate a sequence? Who dares to carry out such a deceitful action and is not fearful of being caught? One is entitled to ask all of these questions. Now, let’s dig into each of them and see how the answers provided here may stand.Who dares to carry out such a deceitful action?The sequence of RaTG13 was reported by Zhengli Shi, a researcher of a Wuhan Institute of Virology and the biosafety level 4 (P4) lab for virology research. Dr. Shi is the top coronavirus expert in China. She has gained a nickname of “batwoman” because she and her team have a long history of capturing wild bats in caves all over for the purpose of detecting and sometimes isolating coronaviruses within them. As publicly stated, the goal of her research is to identify animal coronaviruses that have the potential of crossing-over to infect humans and thereby help the public avoiding SARS-like disasters in the future.Ironically, contrary to this self-portrait, since the very beginning of the current pandemic, Zhengli Shi has been singled out as THE suspect, who may have created the Wuhan coronavirus and, in doing so, caused a world-wide disaster. Interestingly, on Jan 23rd, 2020, just before this “rumor” started to soar though the roof, Shi published a paper in Nature (1), where she compared the freshly obtained sequence of the Wuhan coronavirus with those of other coronaviruses and thus delineated an evolutionary path of this new virus. In this publication, all of a sudden and out of nowhere, Shi reported this bat coronavirus, RaTG13, which pampered the public and seemingly helped shape ac onsensus in the field that the Wuhan coronavirus is of a natural origin.As stated in the paper, RaTG13 was discovered from Yunnan province, China, in 2013. According to credible sources, Shi has admitted to several individuals in the field that she does not have a physical copy of this RaTG13 virus. Her lab allegedly collected some bat feces in 2013 and analyzed these samples for possible presence of coronaviruses based on genetic evidence. To put it into plainer words, she has no physical proof for the existence of this RaTG13 virus. She only has its sequence information, which is nothing but a string of letters alternating between A, T, G, and C.Can the sequence of such a virus be fabricated? It cannot be any easier. It takes a person less than a day to TYPE such a sequence (less than 30,000 letters) in a word file. And it would be a thousand times easier if you already have a template that is about 96% identical to the one you are trying to create. Once the typing is finished, one can upload the sequence onto the public database. Contrary to general conception, such database does not really have a way to validate the authenticity or correctness of the uploaded sequence. It relies completely upon the scientists themselves – upon their honesty and consciences. Once uploaded and released, such sequence data becomes public and can be used legitimately in scientific analysis and publications.Now, does this RaTG13 sequence qualify as credible evidence in judging the matter? Well, remember, a central part of the matter is whether or not this Wuhan coronavirus was engineered or created by ZHENGLI SHI. It is Shi, not anybody else, who is the biggest suspect of this possible crime that is grander than anything else in human history. Given the circumstances, wouldn’t she have a strong enough motive to be deceitful? If the evidence she raised to prove herself innocent was nothing but a bunch of letters recently typed in a word file, should anyone treat it as valid evidence?RaTG13, if truly exists, should never be neglected by Shi for a period of seven years.Let’s now think about this from another direction. The sequence of RaTG13 is highly alarming – it clearly shows a potential of the virus to infect humans.Within the spike protein of a β coronavirus, there is a critical piece named receptor- binding domain (RBD), which dictates whether or not this virus can use the ACE2 receptor on the surface of our cells and thereby infect humans. As a routine, when Shi’s team finishes collecting samples and confirms the presence of a coronavirus, the first thing they would do is to look at the sequence of the virus’ RBD. If there is resemblance between this sequence and that of the SARS virus (rarely so), their blood would boil because they have found something that may jump over to humans. It also means that top-journal publications are coming their way.In 2013, Shi made her fame in the coronavirus field by publishing in Nature two bat coronaviruses (Rs3367 and SHC014), which share considerable sequence similarity. with SARS in the RBD region (2). This work, for the first time, proved a bat origin of SARS. In the following years, her team continued to publish articles, featuring additional bat coronaviruses that share these important sequence motifs (3, 4).What does an RBD sequence look like? Figure 1 is the sequence comparison between SARS RBD and the RBDs of the bat coronaviruses that Zhengli Shi published in high- profile journals (2-4). Comparing to SARS (top), many bat coronaviruses (most of the ones in the bottom half) had substantial deletions in their RBDs and are thus likely defective in targeting humans. In contrast, some bat coronaviruses (upper half) not only resemble SARS in the completeness of the RBD sequences but also contain amino acids similar to their SARS counterparts at some of the five locations known to be critical for binding human ACE2 receptor. This group of viruses, with these dazzling features, were perceived by the field as breakthroughs.Figure1.SequencealignmentcomparingtheRBDsofSARS(top)andRaTG13(red arrow)toRBDsofbatcoronavirusesthatZhengliShipublishedinhigh-profilejournals from2013-2017(2-4).AminoacidresidueshighlightedbyShiascriticalforbinding humanACE2receptor(2)arelabeledinredtextontop.Alignmentwasdoneusingthe MultAlinwebserver(http://multalin.toulouse.inra.fr/multalin/).How does RaTG13, which was discovered in 2013, compare to these most cherished collections of Shi’s?By appearance, RaTG13 clearly belongs to the “good-looking” group. It rivals with the best ones in its completeness of the RBD sequence as well as in the conservation of critical amino acids. While a single amino acid insertion is observed, it occurs in a variable region and can be easily tolerated without affecting the protein function.Importantly, RaTG13 preserves the binding motifs as much as, if not better than, any other bat coronavirus in Shi’s list. At position 442, RaTG13 has a “L”, which beats most, if not all, bat viruses in resembling the “Y” in SARS RBD (“L” and “Y” both mediate hydrophobic interactions). At position 472, RaTG13 is the only bat coronavirus that has the residue “L”, which is identical to SARS. Although the amino acids at the other three positions are not identical to their counterparts in SARS, they are all conservative mutations, which may not negatively impact the protein’s function.As an expert as Shi is, she only needed to take one peek at the sequence of RaTG13’s RBD and immediately realize: this virus closely resembles SARS in its RBD and has a clear potential of infecting humans. If Shi’s public statement is true and she indeed intends to discover bat coronaviruses with a potential to cross-over to humans, how could she possibly overlook this extremely interesting finding of RaTG13? If this RaTG13 was discovered SEVEN years ago in 2013, why did Shi not publish this astonishing finding earlier and yet let the “less-attractive” viruses take the stage? Why did she decide to publish such a sequence only when the current outbreak took place and people started questioning the origin of the Wuhan coronavirus?None of these makes sense. These facts only add to the suspicion – Zhengli Shi either was directly involved in the creation of this virus/bioweapon, or helped cover it up, or both.Of course, these facts also add to the claim that RaTG13 is a fake virus – it exists on Nature (the journal) but not in nature.A closer look at the gene sequence of RaTG13’s spike reveals clear evidence of human manipulation. To assist our analysis here, we have to first understand one basic feature of natural evolution.When a gene (composed of nucleotides) is being translated into a protein (composed of amino acids), every three consecutive nucleotides constitute a codon and each codon encodes a particular amino acid (Figure 2). On the other hand, an amino acid typically corresponds to four codons, although some amino acids have one or two more and some one or two less (you can learn more about this here: https://passel2.unl.edu/view/lesson/3ccee8500ac8/6). What does it mean? It means that, when a nucleotide has changed (or in other words a single nucleotide substitution has occurred), the codon is certainly altered but the corresponding amino acid may or may not change. This is because the new codon may encode the same amino acid as the old codon does. A single nucleotide substitution that results in NO change of the amino acid is referred to as a synonymous mutation. A single nucleotide substitution that leads to a change in amino acid is called a non-synonymous mutation. When evolution takes place through random mutations, on average, every six nucleotide changes result in the change of one amino acid. In other words, on average and under normal conditions, the ratio between the number of synonymous mutations and that of non-synonymous mutations should be around 5:1.Now let’s further illustrate such a relationship using an example. In Figure 3A, synonymous and non-synonymous mutations are counted when the gene sequences of the spike proteins from two closely related bat coronaviruses, ZC45 and ZXC21 (6) are compared. The green curve depicts how the number of the synonymous mutation grows (Y axis) when the codons are analyzed sequentially (X axis). The red curve represents the trend of non-synonymous mutations. As expected, there are more synonymous mutations than non-synonymous mutations. Importantly, a correlation between the two curves is clearly present: they climb up and go through plateaus in a roughly synchronized manner. Throughout the whole length of the gene, at any point, the ratio between the accumulated synonymous and non-synonymous mutations is maintained at around 5:1. As described in the preceding paragraph, these features are consistent with what is the expected when two lineages closely relate to each other evolutionarily and the differences in their sequences are results of random mutations.Figure3.Comparingthenucleotidesequencesofdifferentspikeproteinsonthe synonymousmutations(greencurve)andnon-synonymousmutations(redcurve) revealsevidenceofhumanmanipulation.A.comparisonbetweentworelatedbat coronavirusesZC45(MG772933)andZXC21(MG772934),whicharenature-borne.B. comparisonbetweentheWuhancoronavirus(NC_045512)andRaTG13(MN996532) showsapatterninconsistentwithnaturalevolution.Sequencealignmentwasdone usingEMBOSSNeedle.SynonymousNon-synonymousAnalysiswasperformedusing SNAPatwww.hiv.lanl.gov. Does this hold true for RaTG13 and the Wuhan coronavirus? Not really.Figure 3B is the same comparative analysis done between RaTG13 and the Wuhan coronavirus. One thing you can immediately appreciate is that, in the second half of the sequence, while the green curve continues to grow steadily, the red curve stays flat. For a region as wide as over 700 amino acids (corresponding to 2100 nucleotides), which is statistically substantial, the synchronization between the two curves is non-existent.Surprisingly, or maybe not so surprisingly, at the end, the final counts of synonymous and non-synonymous mutations yield a ratio of just over five, consistent with what’s expected out of natural evolution.Let’s bring out some numbers to help us better comprehend the difference here. Let’s focus on the S2 protein, the second half of the spike ranging from 684 to 1273 (numbering according to the Wuhan coronavirus). Detailed analysis of this region reveals that, between ZC45 and ZXC21, a total of 32 nucleotides have changed and 5 of them lead to amino acid mutations (27 synonymous mutations vs. 5 non-synonymous mutations). It is, again, consistent with the scenario of natural evolution: every six nucleotide changes result in the change of one amino acid; synonymous/non- synonymous ratio is about 5:1. In contrast, for the same S2 region, between the Wuhan coronavirus and RaTG13, there are a total of 90 nucleotide changes and only two amino acid mutations. Here, every 45 nucleotide changes correspond to one amino acid change. The synonymous/non-synonymous ratio is 44:1.It is noteworthy that ZC45 and ZXC21 share ~97% sequence identity, just like that between the Wuhan coronavirus and RaTG13. So, the above comparison is very proper and reliable.If a person is studying the sequence differences between the Wuhan coronavirus and RaTG13 and yet pays attention only to the overall synonymous/non-synonymous ratio for the spike sequence, nothing would look strange. However, if one digs out as much details as shown in Figure 3, any person with a reasonable mind would say that something is clearly wrong.What is the best way to interpret this? A safe conclusion is that, between the Wuhan coronavirus and RaTG13, at least one is non-natural. If one is natural, then the other one must be no. Of course, the other possibility also exists – neither of them came from nature.If the Wuhan coronavirus is non-natural, then we have reached the end of our investigation.In fact, the Wuhan coronavirus may “look” natural even if it is a bioweapon because it is most likely made by using a natural coronavirus as a template. This would lead to a conclusion that the RaTG13 is non-natural, which is consistent with the facts we have brought up earlier: no physical copies of the virus exist and the sequence is highly likely fabricated. How could Zhengli Shi fail so badly in fabricating the RaTG13 sequence? When I said it was easy to type out a fake sequence that is 96% identical to a template, I did not say that it is easy to maintain a reasonable synonymous/non-synonymous ratio throughout the whole genome. Unfortunately for Shi, when she had to come up a good sequence for S1 and the RBD within it (she knows that this part will be scrutinized the most), she had somehow exhausted the number of non-synonymous mutations she could use here. To maintain a reasonable synonymous/non-synonymous ratio for the whole Spike- encoding gene (we can actually give her some credit here as she did remember to get it close to 5:1), she had to strictly limit the number of non-synonymous mutations in the S2 half of spike, which ended up flattening the red curve. It is hard to be a cheater after all.A deeper reason that Shi and the CCP needs the cover of RaTG13. Hopefully you are now as convinced as I am in that the RaTG13 sequence is indeed a fabrication. The first thing we should do then is to discredit any scientific publication, which based its analysis on the RaTG13 sequence and subsequently arrived at the conclusion that the Wuhan coronavirus is of natural origin. When you do a clean-up like that, you will see that there is practically nothing left.Next, we can look back to see what other coronaviruses are close to the Wuhan coronavirus in terms of sequence similarity. It turns out the two bat viruses featured in Figure 3A, ZC45 and ZXC21, are the next hits, each sharing 95% amino acid sequence identity (~89% nucleotide identity) with the Wuhan coronavirus. What is striking is the manner that the Wuhan coronavirus resembles these two bat coronaviruses – while every other protein remains highly identical, the S1 part of Spike, which dictates host selection, is only 69% identical. I have posted an article earlier, where I thoroughly analyzed this pattern and discussed how it is interlocked with the Wuhan coronavirus being a bioweapon made with ZC45 or ZXC21 as a template (www.nerdhaspower.weebly.com).One thing we haven’t mentioned so far is that ZC45 and ZXC21 are bat coronaviruses discovered, collected, and published by a military research lab of the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) (6). They are owned only by the CCP. Now you may be able to appreciate the full benefits that the CCP creates by reporting a fake RaTG13 virus with a fabricated sequence – it would just be too obvious otherwise.Finally, I would like to add an additional piece of evidence, which was brought up in a comment of my earlier article by someone who is clearly an expert. It, in my opinion, hugely strengthens the claim that the Wuhan coronavirus is of non-natural origin.The E protein of β coronaviruses is a structural protein that is tolerant of mutations as evidenced both in SARS and in bat coronaviruses. However, on the amino acid level, E protein of the Wuhan coronavirus identified at the beginning of the outbreak is 100% identical to those of the suspected templates, ZC45 and ZXC21 What is striking is that, after a short two-months spread of the virus in humans, the E protein is already mutated. Sequence data obtained within the month of April indicate that mutations have occurred to four different locations (Figure 4). Note that the E protein makes very limited interactions with host proteins and thus is not under evolutionary pressure to adapt to a new host. Not only the E protein can tolerate mutations but also its mutational rate is held constant across different coronavirus species. The fact that the E protein of the Wuhan coronaviruses is already mutated in the short period of human-to-human transmission is consistent with its evolutionary feature. In stark contrast, while ZC45/ZXC21 and the Wuhan coronavirus are more distant evolutionarily, the E proteins within them are 100% identical. In no way this could be a result of natural evolution.|0
The US may be deliberately spreading world panic about the coronavirus outbreak, given China’s important influence on the global stage, its technological development and its growing military capabilities. Thanks to the coronavirus, Donald Trump’s government has been able to stop China, something he couldn’t do through tariffs, trade or tech wars. The trade war, Huawei’s blockade, the protests in Hong Kong, 5G, gas pipeline Power of Siberia and NATO’s growing focus on China are among the conflicting points. But curiously, it was a virus which finally achieved the US dearest wish: isolating China.|0
senior fellow at Chongyang Institute for Financial Studies, Renmin University of China, and former director of economic and business policy for the mayor of London. He lived in Moscow from 1992-2000.China’s outperformance of the US in both the 2008 crisis & the Covid-19 outbreak will see a geopolitical shift in Beijing’s favor. The longer the US continues with its disastrous pandemic response, the greater the shift will be.The pandemic has a clear global course. Despite the coronavirus outbreak beginning in China, Beijing has brought it rapidly under control – the number of domestically transmitted cases was reduced to virtually zero by the end of March. In the US and Western Europe, on the contrary, the number of cases is rising vertiginously with no peak in sight.In absolute terms, the number of US and Italian coronavirus cases is already greater than China’s. But comparisons in absolute numbers greatly understate the severity of the coronavirus crisis in the US and Western Europe – due to their populations being far smaller than China. In reality, the relative severity of the US and Western European coronavirus pandemic is already far worse than at the worst point of the crisis in China and is still rising. This disastrous US and Western European failure will be more severe than the international financial crisis and will have profound geopolitical consequences.What does China’s success mean?Two key issues immediately follow from China’s success – how did China achieve this, and what is its international impact?Technically, China’s means of controlling the coronavirus were not unknown – quarantines, deliveries of essentials to homes to allow the population to stay indoors, compulsory mask wearing, testing, transfer of medical personnel to affected areas. China certainly implemented these far more rigorously than the US and Western Europe. But behind that technical difference was a clear understanding of society by China.The most fundamental issue was that China started from a real understanding of human rights as they affect the real lives of people – not the artificial constructs of Western, purely formal ‘human rights.’ In a lethal epidemic, the key human right is to stay alive. More generally, for real human beings, the most fundamental issue in your life is not whether you can use Facebook, or cast a vote for a politician who promises one thing at an election and then does something completely different after it in a system which gives no real control over them, but the real ability to stay alive when faced with a deadly threat, and to have a decent and rising standard of living, to have health care, to have education, and innumerable other real concerns of people.Within that context, the struggle against the coronavirus was on such a scale that it had to be carried out as a war – in China, it is frequently referred to as a ‘People’s War’ against the virus.This explains China’s measures. Its strategy was strictly logical once this starting point was understood. Above all, it was necessary to do everything possible to confine the virus to Wuhan and Hubei – if it had spread throughout China it would have been impossible to control. Therefore, the first decisive measure was strict travel restrictions.If people had been allowed to leave Wuhan/Hubei, overwhelming numbers would have fled with the virus spreading uncontrollably throughout China – this is precisely what is occurring in the US or Spain where people fleeing infection centers such as New York or Madrid are spreading the virus.There is no doubt this caused tremendous suffering in Wuhan/Hubei. By preventing people from leaving, this placed inconceivable pressure on Hubei’s health system. China poured tens of thousands of medical staff into Hubei but this necessarily took time.It may be compared to one of the greatest battles in Soviet history – Stalingrad. There, it was vitally necessary for the defenders within Stalingrad to tie the German Army down in combat within the city itself while the Soviet Army prepared the encirclement which finally smashed the Nazis to pieces. The result was that Soviet casualties within Stalingrad itself were terrible – the city’s defenders gave their lives to ensure the Soviet people’s decisive victory. In a parallel manner, people in Wuhan gave their lives to protect the people of the whole of China. Hubei and Wuhan’s medical staff are rightly regarded as heroes of the Chinese people.Once the decisive task of preventing the virus’ spread had been achieved, then China could put pressure on the virus in Hubei and finally Wuhan. I have good friends in Wuhan. I know the people understood this national strategy despite the intense suffering it meant in Wuhan.Catastrophic failure of ‘human rights’ in the West. But what was the response of the so called ‘human rights’ organizations in the West to this? Total and criminal condemnation of China’s successful strategy!Kenneth Roth, executive director of ‘Human Rights Watch,’ declared: “In typical Chinese Communist Party fashion, Beijing confines 35 million people rather than pursuing the transparent and targeted approach to the Wuhan coronavirus that public health and human rights require.” The Guardian in Britain published article after article attacking China’s methods of dealing with the virus before finally admitting on March 20, almost two months after China started its decisive actions: “Rigid travel restrictions and social distancing requirements appear to have had their desired effect.”Joshua Wong, a supporter of the Hong Kong rioters, called for the WHO director general’s resignation because the organization supported China’s successful strategy.By the end of March, most of the world recognized that China had been correct. For example, a recent column on Bloomberg in the US had the self-evident headline: “The rest of the world is falling in step with Beijing’s way of fighting the coronavirus.”  “Had China not imposed such steps, one simulation suggests there could have been eight million cases by February… In fact, each government seems to be reinventing the wheel, though events eventually force them to take China’s path: closing schools and public places, shutting borders, imposing curfews, inhibiting movement,” the column read.If the advice of Roth, the Guardian, or Wong had been taken, by now thousands more people, more probably tens of thousands, would be dead.Failure in US. This wrong approach in the West has now created a disaster in the US and Western Europe. The catastrophic scale of this is simply disguised by making comparisons in terms of absolute numbers between China and individual Western countries. This conceals the fact that the impact of the coronavirus epidemic in Western countries is many times greater than during the worst period in China – because China’s population is far larger than any Western country – more than four times that of the US and 23 times Italy’s.So, for example, WHO data for March 28 shows the US had 16,894 new daily coronavirus cases – 4.3 times as high as China’s worst daily peak of 3,887. But China’s population is 4.25 times that of the US. So, in proportion to China’s population, the US figures are equal to 71,799 (16,894 x 4.25). The relative intensity of the impact of the coronavirus in the US is therefore already more than 18 times as great as the worst day in China! And the number of daily cases in the US is on a strongly rising upward curve. A literal catastrophe is unfolding in the US. To understand the impact of this, US troops abroad have many times suffered severe war casualties – World War II, Korea, Vietnam, Iraq. But only twice in American history have there been mass death events on US soil itself – the Civil War and 1918-19’s Spanish flu epidemic. Unless there is a dramatic, and unlikely, change in US policy within days, there will be the third mass death event in the US. This will necessarily hammer the US economy with a downturn worse than the international financial crisis.Geopolitical consequences. The geopolitical consequences of this situation are both immediate and long term. In the short term, so far, the coronavirus has only hit three regions with mass force – China, the US, and Western Europe. Countries in other regions will feel its full force in the coming weeks. They can either attempt to follow the successful path of China or they can follow the disastrous one of the US.Furthermore China, the world’s greatest manufacturer, can be of decisive practical aid to them. Such a simple fact as that France can order one billion facemasks from China shows what is possible. The nonsense of the formal Western concept of human rights will be demonstrated to billions of people. This will inevitably produce a geopolitical shift in China’s favor.How deep the longer-term geopolitical consequences will be depends on how long the US continues on its present catastrophic course. It is now impossible for the US to avoid a severe recession – certainly the sharpest decline in output since the Great Depression and possibly worse. How quickly the US economy can recover depends on how rapidly it can solve its medical crisis. But to achieve this means, for the reasons already given, the US abandoning its totally false concept of human rights, its subordination of human lives to the economy and, in essence, admitting that China was correct. Such a tremendous shift is unlikely to come nearly fast enough in a pandemic in which literally every day counts.In the last 12 years, the world has passed through two huge global tests – the international financial crisis and the coronavirus pandemic. In both, China has far outperformed the US. This will necessarily lead to a major shift in geopolitics in favor of China. The longer the US continues with its present disastrous response to the coronavirus, the greater that shift will be.|0
Fact: Hydroxychloroquine has been shown to have a 100% effective rate treating COVID-19. Yet Democrat Gretchen Whitmer is threatening doctors who prescribe it. If Trump is for something, Democrats are against it. They are okay with people dying if it means opposing Trump. SICK!|0
The sudden outbreak of the Wuhan Novel Coronavirus (2019-nCoV) has resulted in all of China’s Hubei Province and three major cities in Zhejiang Province being subjected to quarantine. Other nations are anxiously trying to get their people out of China, and restrictions are being placed on flights to China. Because this novel virus has an extremely high transmission speed (high R0) and a high fatality rate, it is posing a significant challenge to public health, not only in China, but around the world.There are major gaps in our knowledge of the virus’s origin, duration of human-to-human transmission, and clinical management of those infected based on the currently limited information coming from China. Nevertheless, the findings of those scientists who have recently published research papers about this virus are summarized below.Lancet Article Reports Wuhan Virus Not Likely Caused by Natural Recombination. Most papers reported that the 2019-nCoV is only 88 percent related to the closest bat coronavirus, only 79 percent to SARS, and just 50 percent to MERS. Professor Roujian Lu from the China Key Laboratory of Biosafety, National Institute for Viral Disease Control and Prevention, Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention, and his co-authors commented in a Jan. 30 paper in Lancet that “recombination is probably not the reason for the emergence of this virus.”A Jan. 27 2020, study by 5 Greek scientists analyzed the genetic relationships of 2019-nCoV and found that “the new coronavirus provides a new lineage for almost half of its genome, with no close genetic relationships to other viruses within the subgenus of sarbecovirus,” and has an unusual middle segment never seen before in any coronavirus. All this indicates that 2019-nCoV is a brand new type of coronavirus. The study’s authors rejected the original hypothesis that 2019-nCoV originated from random natural mutations between different coronaviruses. (Paraskevis et al 2020 BioRxiv) The article is a preprint made available through bioRxiv and has not been peer-reviewed.Very High Genetic Identity in Patients Indicates a Recent Transmission to Humans2019-nCoV is an RNA virus. RNA viruses have high natural mutation rates. The Lancet study by Lu et al. states: “As a typical RNA virus, the average evolutionary rate for coronaviruses is roughly 10-4 nucleotide substitutions per site per year, with mutations arising during every replication cycle. It is, therefore, striking that the sequences of 2019-nCoV from different patients described here were almost identical, with greater than 99.9% sequence identity. This finding suggests that 2019-nCoV originated from one source within a very short period and detected relatively rapidly.”A Jan. 31 article by Jon Cohen in Science said: “The longer a virus circulates in a human population, the more time it has to develop mutations that differentiate strains in infected people, and given that the 2019-nCoV sequences analyzed to date differ from each other by seven nucleotides at most, this suggests it jumped into humans very recently. But it remains a mystery which animal spread the virus to humans.”Bat or Huanan Market Source Is Not the Whole Story. Prof. Lu et. al. also discussed the natural host of the virus. An early hypothesis had been the virus had passed to humans from bats sold at Wuhan’s Huanan Seafood Market.Lu et. al write: “First, the outbreak was first reported in late December 2019, when most bat species in Wuhan are hibernating. Second, no bats were sold or found at the Huanan seafood market, whereas various non-aquatic animals (including mammals) were available for purchase. Third, the sequence identity between 2019-nCoV and its close relatives bat-SL-CoVZC45 and bat-SL-CoVZXC21 was less than 90%. Hence, bat-SL-CoVZC45 and bat-SL-CoVZXC21 are not direct ancestors of 2019-nCoV.”The authors point out that while the 2019-nCoV causing the Wuhan outbreak might have initially been hosted by bats, it may have been transmitted to humans via other as yet unknown mechanisms.The Science article said: “Huanan marketplace played an early role in spreading 2019-nCoV, but whether it was the origin of the outbreak remains uncertain. Many of the initially confirmed 2019-nCoV cases—27 of the first 41 in one report, 26 of 47 in another—were connected to the Wuhan market, but up to 45%, including the earliest handful, were not. This raises the possibility that the initial jump into people happened elsewhere.” Spike Protein Has 4 Precise Mutations Without Impacting Its Affinity for Human Receptor. Every virus must have a receptor to bind to human cells, can only live inside human cells, and must rely on human cells to replicate. Without these capabilities, viruses found circulating in blood or tissue fluids are easily cleared by the human immune system.Viruses enter human cells via specific surface protein channels. The interaction of viral surface proteins binding to human cells is similar to how keys are used to open locks.Previous studies have shown there are several receptors that different coronaviruses bind to, such as angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) for SARS-CoV. ACE2 receptors are abundantly present in human tissue, especially along the epithelial linings of lung and small intestines, provide routes of entry into cells for SARS-CoV.According to Lu et al.’s Lancet paper, there is a structural similarity between the receptor-binding domains of SARS-CoV and 2019-nCoV. 2019-nCoV spike protein (S-protein) is responsible for binding to cell receptors and is crucial for viral targeting of host tissue. The molecular modelling data by Lu et. al. suggests that, despite the presence of amino acid mutations in the 2019-nCoV receptor-binding domain, 2019-nCoV might use the ACE2 receptor to gain entry into host cells.On Jan. 21, 2020, Xintian Xu et al. from Key Laboratory of Molecular Virology and Immunology, Institute Pasteur of Shanghai, Center for Biosafety Mega-Science, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Shanghai, China, published a paper entitled “Evolution of the novel coronavirus from the ongoing Wuhan outbreak and modeling of its spike protein for risk of human transmission” in SCIENCE CHINA Life Sciences. This paper provided a more precise analysis of the S-protein of Wuhan 2019-nCoV.The S-protein was known to usually have the most variable amino acid sequences compared to other gene domains from coronavirus. However, despite considerable genetics distance between the Wuhan CoV and the human-infecting SARS-CoV, and the overall low homology of the Wuhan CoV S-protein to that of SARS-CoV, the Wuhan CoV S-protein had several patches of sequences in the receptor binding (RBD) domain with high homology to that of SARS-CoV. The residues at positions 442, 472, 479, 487, and 491 in SARS-CoV S-protein were reported to be at receptor complex interface and considered critical for cross-species and human-to-human transmission of SARS-CoV. So to our surprise, despite replacing four out of five important interface amino acid residues, the Wuhan CoV S-protein was found to have a significant binding affinity to human ACE2. The replacing residues at positions 442, 472, 479, and 487 in the Wuhan CoV S-protein did not alter the structural conformation. The Wuhan CoV S-protein and SARS-CoV S-protein shared an almost identical 3-D structure in the RBD domain, thus maintaining similar van der Waals and electrostatic properties in the interaction interface. Thus the Wuhan CoV is still able to pose a significant public health risk for human transmission via the S protein–ACE2 binding pathway.”We know already that the novel 2019-nCoV is a different virus than SARS. It is understood that S-protein is highly variable. It would be no surprise if the genetic sequence, protein structure, and even the function of 2019-nCoV’s S-protein is different than that of the SARS virus. But, how could this novel virus be so intelligent as to mutate precisely at selected sites while preserving its binding affinity to the human ACE2 receptor? How did the virus change just four amino acids of the S-protein? Did the virus know how to use Clustered Regularly Interspaced Short Palindromic Repeats (CRISPR) to make sure this would happen?Stunning Finding: S-Protein Insertions From HIV. On Jan. 27, 2020, Prashant Pradhan et. al. from the Indian Institute of Technology published a paper entitled “Uncanny similarity of unique inserts in the 2019-nCoV spike protein to HIV-1 gp120 and Gag,” which is currently being revised. The corresponding author of this paper, Professor Bishwajit Kundu, is specialized in protein genetic and genetic engineering and has published about 41 papers during the past 17 years on PubMed, including high-impact biomedical journals.The authors found 4 insertions in the spike glycoprotein (S) which are unique to the 2019-nCoV and are not present in other coronaviruses. “Importantly, amino acid residues in all 4 inserts have identity or similarity to those of HIV-1 gp120 or HIV-1 Gag. Interestingly, despite the inserts being discontinuous on the primary amino acid sequence, 3D-modelling of the 2019-nCoV suggests that they converge to constitute the receptor binding site. The finding of 4 unique inserts in the 2019-nCoV, all of which have identity/similarity to amino acid residues in key structural proteins of HIV-1 is unlikely to be fortuitous in nature.”Pradhan et al. added, “To our surprise, these sequence insertions were not only absent in S-protein of SARS but were also not observed in any other member of the Coronaviridae family. This is startling as it is quite unlikely for a virus to have acquired such unique insertions naturally in a short duration of time. “Unexpectedly, all the insertions got aligned with Human immunodeficiency Virus-1 (HIV-1). Further analysis revealed that aligned sequences of HIV-1 with 2019-nCoV were derived from surface glycoprotein gp120 (amino acid sequence positions: 404-409, 462-467, 136-150) and from Gag protein (366-384 amino acid). Gag protein of HIV is involved in host membrane binding, packaging of the virus and for the formation of virus-like particles. Gp120 plays crucial role in recognizing the host cell by binding to the primary receptor CD4. This binding induces structural rearrangements in GP120, creating a high affinity binding site for a chemokine co-receptor like CXCR4 and/or CCR5.”It is well known that CD4 cells are essential to human immunity and are the direct targets of the Human Immunodeficiency Virus or HIV. HIV attaches to CD4 cells, enters and infects them. The virus then turns each infected CD4 cell into a factory creating more HIV virus until eventually all CD4 cells are destroyed. People infected with HIV lose their immunity or defense system which is like a country losing the function of its army.If we take a closer look at the 4 insertions of the S-protein in figure 3 (from Pradhan et. al. 2020 bioRxiv), they are all located on the binding surface of the protein, seemly designed to be able to bind to target cell receptor sites. Natural accidental mutation would be randomly distributed across the whole length of the S-protein. It is highly unlikely that all of these insertions would coincidentally be manifested on the binding site of the S-protein.The article by Pradhan et. al. is a preprint made available through bioRxiv and has not been peer-reviewed.bioRxiv reports: “This paper has been withdrawn by its authors. They intend to revise it in response to comments received from the research community on their technical approach and their interpretation of the results. If you have any questions, please contact the corresponding author.”Clinical Evidence: Patients Have Cytokine Storm with Progressive Decline in Blood Lymphocytes. Are Pradhan et. al.’s findings right or wrong? If correct, the virus should be able to invade human CD4 T cells and result in corresponding clinical features. A paper published in The Lancet on Jan. 24, 2020 by Professor Chaolin Huang from Jin Yin-tan Hospital, Wuhan, China, et. al.,  reviewing “Clinical features of patients infected with 2019 novel coronavirus in Wuhan, China” supports Pradhan et. al’s conclusions.Huang analyzed 41 hospital patients admitted with laboratory-confirmed 2019-nCoV infection as of Jan. 2, 2020. “Only 27 (66%) of 41 patients had been exposed to the Huanan seafood market. Common symptoms at the onset of illness were fever (98%), cough (76%), and myalgia or fatigue (44%); less common symptoms were sputum production (28%), headache (8%), hemoptysis (5%), and diarrhea (3%). Dyspnoea developed in 55% (median time from illness onset to dyspnoea 8·0 days). 63% had lymphopenia. All 41 patients had pneumonia with abnormal findings on chest CT. Complications included acute respiratory distress syndrome (29%), RNAaemia (15%), acute cardiac injury (12%) and secondary infection (10%). 32% of patients were admitted to an ICU and six (15%) died. Compared with non-ICU patients, ICU patients had higher plasma levels of IL2, IL7, IL10, GSCF, IP10, MCP1, MIP1A, and TNFα. The 2019-nCoV infection caused clusters of severe respiratory illness similar to severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus and was associated with ICU admission and high mortality.”Although low white blood cell counts are common in viral infections, it is surprising that 63 percent of all infected patients and 85 percent of those admitted to the ICU had lymphopenia with lymphocyte counts <1·0 × 109/L. In a study on SARS published March 2004 by C.M. Chu et. al. in the journal Thorax, the mean lymphocyte count was often reported as normal.On Jan. 22, 2020, two clinical guidelines for the diagnosis and treatment of Wuhan 2019-nCoV were posted on China websites. One is “Quick Guide for the Diagnosis and Treatment of New Coronavirus Pneumonia” authored by the expert group of Tongji Hospital, and the other is “Instructions for Handling 2019 New Coronavirus” from the Wuhan Union Hospital of Tongji Medical College of Huazhong University of Science and Technology. The first guideline clearly points out a “progressive lymphocyte reduction” while the second guideline highlights “the importance of monitoring the absolute value of lymphocytes.”Therefore, the observed lymphocyte reduction must be of clinical significance in a certain proportion of patients. CD4 positive T lymphocytes constitute a major fraction of all lymphocytes. Although not a routine test for patients with coronavirus infection, perhaps monitoring CD4 cell counts would be helpful in 2019-nCoV patients.Another clinical feature of patients infected with 2019-nCoV is the high levels of serum cytokines and chemokines, which is defined as a cytokine storm (Huang et al 2020 Lancet). This is consistent with the observation from Pradhan et al. that the 2019-nCoV S-protein inducing structural rearrangements in GP120, creating a high-affinity binding site for a chemokine co-receptor such as CXCR4 and/or CCR5. It is well known that activating T cell surface receptors can cause a cytokine storm. Cytokine storms have the potential to create significant damage to organs and bodily tissues. If a cytokine storm occurs in the lungs, for example, immune cells such as macrophages and fluid may trigger tissue damage that results in acute respiratory distress and possible death.The United States Centers for Disease Control stated: “There is no specific antiviral treatment recommended for 2019-nCoV infection.” But, there are a few case reports of Wuhan 2019-nCoV patients benefiting from empiric treatment with anti-HIV drugs such as lopinavir. More such detailed clinical experience needs to be shared.Conclusion. There are many scientific questions regarding this novel virus. Based on recently published scientific papers, this new coronavirus has unprecedented virologic features that suggest genetic engineering may have been involved in its creation. The virus presents with severe clinical features, which make it a significant threat. It is imperative for scientists, physicians, and people all over the world, including governments and public health authorities, to make every effort to investigate this mysterious and suspicious virus in order to elucidate its origin and to better enable populations in China and around the world to respond.|0
Senator Scott Jensen represents Minnesota. He’s also a doctor. He appeared on Fox News with Laura Ingram where he revealed a very disturbing piece of information.Dr. Scott Jensen says the American Medical Association is now “encouraging” doctors to overcount coronavirus deaths across the country.Jensen received a  7-page document that showed him how to fill out a death certificate as a “COVID-19 diagnosis” even when there isn’t a lab test confirming the diagnosis.“Right now Medicare is determining that if you have a COVID-19 admission to the hospital you get $13,000. If that COVID-19 patient goes on a ventilator you get $39,000, three times as much. Nobody can tell me after 35 years in the world of medicine that sometimes those kinds of things impact on what we do.” (Dr. Sen. Scott Jensen, from Fox Interview).This is absolutely bone-chilling.|0
Wuhan, the capital of Hubei province in China, was chosen to be China’s first 5G “smart city” and the location of China’s first smart 5G highway.  Wuhan is also the center of the horrendous coronavirus epidemic.  The possible linkage between these two events was first discussed in an Oct. 31, 2019 article entitled:  “Wuhan was the province where 5G was rolled out, now the center of deadly virus”  https://5g-emf.com/wuhan-was-the-province-where-5g-was-rolled-out-now-the-center-of-deadly-virus. The question that is being raised here is not whether 5G is responsible for the virus, but rather whether 5G radiation, acting via VGCC activation may be exacerbating the viral replication or the spread or lethality of the disease.  Let’s backtrack and look at the recent history of 5G in Wuhan in order to get some perspective on those questions.  An Asia Times article, dated Feb. 12, 2019 (https://www.asiatimes.com/2019/02/article/china-to-launch-first-5g-smart-highway) stated that there were 31 different 5G base stations (that is antennae) in Wuhan at the end of 2018.  There were plans developed later such that approximately 10,000 5G antennae would be in place at the end of 2019, with most of those being on 5G LED smart street lamps.  The first such smart street lamp was put in place on May 14, 2019 (www.china.org.cn/china/2019-05/14/content_74783676.htm), but large numbers only started being put in place in October, 2019, such that there was a furious pace of such placement in the last 2 ½ months of 2019.  These findings show that the rapid pace of the coronavirus epidemic developed at least roughly as the number of 5G antennae became extraordinarily high.  So we have this finding that China’s 1st 5G smart city and smart highway is the epicenter of this epidemic and this finding that the epidemic only became rapidly more severe as the numbers of 5G antennae skyrocketed. Are these findings coincidental or does 5G have some causal role in exacerbating the coronavirus epidemic?  In order to answer that question, we need to determine whether the downstream effects of VGCC activation exacerbate the viral replication, the effects of viral infection, especially those that have roles in the spread of the virus and also the mechanism by which this coronavirus causes death.Accordingly, the replication of the viral RNA is stimulated by oxidative stress:|0
UV lamps should not be used to sterilize hands or other areas of skin as UV radiation can cause skin irritation.|1
Using real-time data from scientists around the world, nextstrain.org, cocreated by biologist Trevor Bedford, makes the dangerous spread of Covid-19 into a thing of multicolored, branching beauty.The map looks like an elaborate subway schematic of lines and circles, except that the dozens of dots aren’t stations in an urban metro system. Colored violet, orange, sky blue, and lime, these circles are places you definitely do’t want to be in. To find yourself inside one of the multihued dots on this highly viral online map means you are at risk of exposure to Covid-19—the novel coronavirus.Few people are more aware of the literal micro-movements of this tiny bug that’s unnerving billions of people than the map’s cocreator Trevor Bedford, a 38-year-old evolutionary biologist at the Fred Hutch, a medical research center in Seattle, the city that also happens to be something of a ground zero in the U.S. for Covid-19. With red, wavy hair and a reassuring smile, Bedford is part Holmesian sleuth, DNA detective, and graphic artist in the mold of Yale statistician and artist Edward Tufte, whose visual depictions have made data not only accessible, but often beautiful.Since the outbreak began, Bedford (@trvrb on Twitter) has also become an unlikely social media star. “It’s been very, very surreal,” he said. “I now have 70,000 Twitter followers who are all very interested in genomic epidemiology.” At last glance Bedford had over 106,000 followers.All of this attention is being directed at a previously obscure website that Bedford cocreated in 2015, now called Nextstrain (nextstrain.org)—which last week recorded over 400,000 hits. Nextstrain tracks the genetic mutation patterns of Covid-19—changes in the virus’s genetic code that appear in newly infected people in different cities and countries—as it spreads around the world.“The nature of viruses is to mutate,” said Bedford, explaining that as these microorganisms rapidly reproduce, genetic errors can occur. But these aren’t the scary mutations that wipe out billions of people like in Hollywood films. “The vast majority of these mutations are absolutely meaningless,” said Emma Hodcroft, an epidemiologist who collaborates with NextStrain and is based at the University of Basel in Switzerland, “but they are useful to help us see how the virus travels and changes.”Another collaborator and the cofounder of NextStrain is Richard Neher,, an evolutionary biologist at the University of Basel. He explained via screen-share from Switzerland that each of the colorful lines on the website’s subway-like map corresponds to a color-coded location on a world map (also viewable on the website). For instance, outbreaks in the U.S. come out in splashes of reds, Western Europe in light greens, and China, where the virus was first detected, in purples.The lines scroll from left to right starting with the first patients in Wuhan, who were pinpointed in December. They then track right as scientists from across the globe report new viral sequences in much closer to real time than ever before. Tiny circles on each multicolored line refer to the date and place that a new mutation has been discovered. “You run your cursor over the dot,” said Neher, “and a box pops up with information about the virus and if a new mutation has occurred as it moved from one country to another.”This data can be valuable to scientists and public health officials trying to figure out when and where the virus arrived, and how it is spreading geographically and by age, gender, and other factors, so that it might be better followed and hopefully contained.“Having a powerful visual tool like that is very useful,” said Duncan. MacCannell, chief science officer at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’s Office of Advanced Molecular Detection. “The power of a platform like Nextstrain is that it rapidly takes very complex molecular and epidemiological data and puts it into a format that’s accessible, explorable, and sharable.”“Because we have an estimate of how fast this virus mutates over time, we can turn that into an estimate of a clock,” said Bedford, pointing out an information box that popped up off of an orange dot synced to Seattle, “and so then we get an introduction to Washington State around mid-January, and we can track the spread within Washington since then.”Nextstrain also indicates that the coronavirus, once it took hold in Wuhan and other locales, spread quickly as it proliferated around the world and infected more people. “So far there’s no evidence to assume that you’ll see a different pattern from Wuhan,” said Neher about locales outside of China, helping countries, politicians, and medical professionals make more concerted efforts in far-flung areas of the world. “This is going to grow exponentially wherever it appears,” Neher added, “and it will hit you hard. Italy got hit hard. Korea got hit hard.”The data for Nextstrain is provided by hundreds of scientists the world over, working to sequence samples of the virus as it expands into new locales. “We can post new data in as fast as five minutes between a genome being released and Nextstrain being updated,” said James Hadfield, a geneticist in Bedford’s lab. “I’d say the vast majority is being done within an hour.”The sequences that feed into this system, however, can take between one and five days to complete, depending on the logistics on the ground—faster than before, said the CDC’s MacCannell, “but it needs to be even faster.”Richard Neher also cautions that the number of samples that have been genetically sequenced and included on the Nextstrain site remains small—it currently stands at 326 samples. “This means we are missing information,” he said. “The data is also not collected evenly everywhere since some countries have more of an ability to sequence, and some aren’t focusing on sequencing while they are trying to treat the infected.” This means that Nextstrain does not offer up a complete picture of how the virus is evolving, although it can offer up clues.Nextstrain is part of a growing trend over the past few years to develop robust maps and graphics in order to track outbreaks ranging from mumps and measles to Ebola. Other sites that use vivid, functional graphics to track outbreaks include GISAID, a German nonprofit website that first receives and processes the data that ends up Nextstrain. Johns Hopkins University has a site that updates the total coronavirus cases reported, which as of this writing stands at 121,564, plus total global fatalities (4,373) and the total number of people who have recovered after being infected by the virus (66,239). Another site is offered up by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.So why does Trevor Bedford bother with the pretty part? “The idea of a phylogenetic tree is common in this field,” he said, using the scientific name for the virus map, “but we’ve tried to also make something that is beautiful and interactive, and is accessible and easy to read for nonexperts, including the public.”Bedford first got interested in the design aspect when he was creating graphics for scientific papers he was working on during a postdoctoral stint at the University of Michigan around 2010–11. “I read Edward Tufte’s books,” he said, “and it was just revelatory.” The team was also inspired by colorful and interactive graphics in online versions of newspapers like the New York Times, which also has made relevant code open-source and readily available, a practice the Nextstrain team has continued.Nextstrain is also an experiment in real-time science. Rather than reporting out mutation patterns in studies that take weeks or months to write and publish, Bedford and his team are sharing data as it arrives. “This is science as it happens,” he said, adding that sometimes there are mistakes. “On Friday, I said something I shouldn’t have about a link between Bavaria and Italy that I worded too strongly when I had the first Twitter thread up. But I was corrected by other scientists and we changed things.”So where is the virus headed? “We are seeing exponential growth,” said Bedford, talking about the spread of cases where people have been infected, “with a doubling every seven days. So we’re going from 500 to a thousand to 2,000, et cetera, but the thing that makes it hard to predict, and why I’m only comfortable with forecasting a week or two out, is that I'm expecting large social changes to just be happening,” meaning that efforts to quarantine, work from home, and limit travel can lessen the pace of exposure.“We know that what China did had a huge impact,” he added, referring to the extreme measures to essentially quarantine millions of people. “How strong of an impact comes out of what we will do [in North America] in terms of mitigation efforts is hard to predict. If people”—meaning the government and medical community as well as individuals—“did nothing, the natural progression is that half of people will get infected over the course of the coming months, just like you have a flu season every winter.”The tracking effort of cases, however, is being hobbled by the underreporting of people who are infected in some areas. “Right now the U.S. has the highest case-to-fatality ratio in the world,” said Emma Hodcroft. “That is not because it’s somehow worse in the U.S., it’s just because we have done a bad job at testing enough cases up until this point.” As of Monday, the U.S. had tested only a few thousand people. This compares to 189,000 people tested in South Korea.“It affects the fatality rate,” Hodcroft said, which makes the disease potentially less virulent than it seems, “because if there are a lot of cases that you’re not detecting then the percentage of fatalities should be much smaller.” Fewer cases tested also impacts the number of cases that could be potentially sequenced.Bedford expects his fancy phylogenetic map to grow considerably over the next few months. “We don’t know how long this outbreak will last,” he said, which makes one wonder how many more colors will be needed to fill out this vivid, if alarming, map tracking Covid-19.|1
As the “novel” coronavirus originated in Wuhan is spreading to ten countries, more and more people including international bio-weapon experts are questioning its link to the Wuhan P4 lab located about 20 miles from a seafood market where the first few cases of human infections were found.A reliable source, one of the Chinese kleptocrats, told Miles Guo today that the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) will admit to the public of an “accidental” leak of lab-created virus from a P4 lab in Wuhan to put blames on “human errors”. But the official announcement is still being finalized. Initially, the Chinese communist’s propaganda machines were blaming the virus on wild animals like bats by showing many videos of people eating bats. In January 2018, a bio-safety level four (BSL-4) laboratory was built in the city of Wuhan, which focuses on the control of emerging diseases and stores purified SARS and other types of viruses. It is supposed to act as a WHO ‘reference laboratory’ linked to similar labs around the world. The remaining question is whether the Chinese Communist Party leaked the virus on purpose as a desperate attempt to stay in power. There is no final conclusion yet, but the Chinese Communist Party acted suspiciously before, during and after the first case of Wuhan pneumonia: Wang Qishan visited Wuhan secretly during the time of the first “sign” of the deadly virus. The Chinese top kleptocrats like Han Zheng did not respond to any early reports of the mysterious Wuhan pneumonia sent by the government of Hubei province. The Chinese government deliberately covered up and delayed the reporting and containment of the mysterious pneumonia. The Chinese kleptocrat Wang Qishan, the Vice President of China, told his friend confidently that the outbreak would end in February while the epidemic is spreading out of control. The Chinese government deliberately abandon the residents, patients and medical staff at the epicenter without providing food, medical supplies or protective gear. The Chinese top kleptocrats handle the outbreak with a nonchalant attitude. Instead of talking or acting in ways to show concerns, they were celebrating Chinese New Year as if nothing has happened. The Chinese government has not done a lot to reduce the spread of the disease except for sending military forces to prevent people from escaping their cities or villages on lockdown. The Chinese government allows the fear to spread nationally and internationally to create an almost doomsday-like scene. The Chinese government rejected aid, monitoring, donation or assistance from the WHO to keep the epidemic in a black box.|0
The science is fast, but the virus is faster. In a suburb south of Boston, robots have already started manufacturing a potential vaccine against the fast-spreading coronavirus. Another candidate vaccine — developed when a similar virus terrified the world — sits in deep freeze in a repository in Houston, ready to be thawed and formulated into thousands of vials for further testing. Yet another is being put together at facilities in San Diego and Houston, with projections that it could be tested in people by summer.To scientists, the work to create a vaccine against the new coronavirus is advancing with a speed they could barely have imagined a decade ago. At the same time, it’s not even close to quick enough to contain the spreading infection — and in many ways, the outbreak will test the capacity of science to react in real time to a new and unknown “pathogen X” that takes the world by surprise.“Traditional vaccine development efforts have usually taken decades, not months,” said Barney Graham, deputy director of the Vaccine Research Center at the National Institutes of Health, which hopes to have a vaccine in human testing by April. “This is, first, a response to this new virus, but it’s also a drill for pathogen X … [to] press the system, to see how rapidly we can go.”When a mysterious new illness emerges and public alarm is at its peak, there’s a race to develop a way to prevent or treat the disease. But by the time a promising candidate is ready, it’s often too late to be helpful against the outbreak that triggered the rush. Public interest, funding and the urgency that drove the early vaccine development can quickly taper.“We were getting candidate vaccines, the epidemics would die down, and they’d get put back on the shelf,” said Jacqueline Shea, chief scientific officer of Inovio, a biotech company that has been developing vaccines for Zika, Ebola and Middle East respiratory syndrome.That’s what happened with severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS), to the dismay of Peter Jay Hotez, co-director of the Texas Children’s Hospital Center for Vaccine Development. Eight years ago, he and his co-director, Maria Elena Bottazzi, won federal funding to create a vaccine against SARS, a coronavirus that emerged in 2002 and infected 8,000 people and killed nearly 800. By 2016, they had manufactured enough of the potential vaccine to get through toxicology tests and human safety trials.But the team tried and failed to win various grants to bring their experimental vaccine through further testing. They say about $2 million could have funded essential and time-consuming toxicology studies and ready it for phase 1 trials — the technical term for the first-in-humans studies that typically determine the dosing and safety of a drug. Although the threat of SARS has receded, it was becoming increasingly clear that coronaviruses, long thought to cause mild illness, were able to cause serious pandemics.When the new coronavirus genome sequence was posted to an online genetic databank in early January, Hotez immediately saw the close similarity to SARS and realized the samples sitting in storage had the potential to defend against the new virus.“Had we been able to secure the investment, we could have done all the phase 1 trials. We could have potentially been ready to vaccinate in China, now,” Hotez said. “This is the problem with the whole vaccine infrastructure — it’s reactive, not anticipatory enough. ‘Oh, SARS is gone now, let’s move on.’”What the scientific response to the new coronavirus has shown so far is how the first step in the process — designing and even beginning to manufacture the vaccine — can happen nearly overnight, thanks to the emergence of new technologies.Scientists at the National Institutes of Health were strategizing with a Massachusetts biotech company, Moderna, over the winter holiday break about collaborating to build a vaccine for the virus. As soon as the genome of the virus was posted online, NIH designed the piece of the vaccine that should trigger the immune system to recognize and disable the virus. NIH sent its design to Moderna, which could integrate it into its virus platform and rapidly scale up manufacturing. NIH hopes to have the vaccine in the first safety trials by April.At Inovio, a biotech company headquartered outside Philadelphia, a team began working on designing a vaccine hours after the sequence appeared, Shea said. The company farmed out production of one piece of its vaccine to a contract laboratory in Houston and is making the other component at its facility in San Diego. The company is gearing up for the lab and animal tests that will be necessary before safety trials in people.Pharmaceutical giant Johnson & Johnson has also jumped into the vaccine effort and estimates it will be eight to 12 months before its candidate is ready for testing in people. Many countries are also working on different approaches, in parallel.“The actual technical feat of making a vaccine against this virus is probably not going to be that hard,” Hotez said. “The problem is you can’t avoid or even compress the timelines very much for safety testing.”That means scientists are flooded with public interest in their vaccine efforts right now and must temper their excitement with the reality that there will be a months-long wait, at minimum, for a vaccine that’s ready for its first tests in people.“What is the value of a vaccine if development takes a year in the context of the current situation, which seems to be moving very rapidly? The value of a vaccine is we don’t actually know what the trajectory of the epidemic could be,” said Richard Hatchett, chief executive of the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations, a global alliance that is funding the Inovio and Moderna efforts and another vaccine being created by researchers at the University of Queensland in Australia.For example, if the outbreak is still raging after initial safety tests, it is possible experimental vaccines could be used to protect people on the front lines of treating the disease or in emergency situations before they are approved for the general population, as happened with Ebola. When Ebola devastated West Africa in 2014, a vaccine was not ready. But when the virus resurfaced in 2019 in Congo, more than 200,000 people were vaccinated.If the infections have begun to subside by the time vaccines are through the first round of safety testing, getting a vaccine approved would still be useful in case the virus flares again — but showing it is safe for healthy people in the general population will take time and continued effort.In the meantime, researchers are also looking at ways of quickly repurposing existing antiviral drugs to see whether any might work against the coronavirus. Paul Stoffels, chief scientific officer of Johnson & Johnson, said the company has donated 100 boxes of an HIV medication, Prezcobix, to clinicians in Shanghai to see whether it showed any efficacy against the illness. Purdue University researchers hope to test experimental drugs that were initially developed to fight SARS. At the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, researchers have been gearing up to test remdesivir, an experimental antiviral drug that has shown promise against other coronaviruses but failed against Ebola.But every step takes time. Even having the right laboratory tests, ingredients and animal models of the disease are crucial and time-consuming steps. Laboratories have been waiting for the viral genome to be synthesized by companies and are anxious to get samples of the actual virus.A decade after SARS, another coronavirus emerged that caused Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS). Many say the coronavirus in China is a lesson that this family of viruses will continue to cross from animals into humans and cause potential pandemics. That means scientists would like to be prepared, with vaccine platforms that can be readily adapted to new infections and antiviral drugs that work broadly for multiple diseases.“Emerging viruses, they’re a moving target. They come, and they go, and sometimes they come and they don’t go. But it’s impossible to predict the trajectory of an emerging virus,” said Timothy Sheahan, assistant professor at the Gillings School of Global Public Health at the University of North Carolina. “So one way we’re trying to maximize the utility of a given antiviral drug is to develop broad-spectrum antivirals. Rather than have one drug for one bug, we want one drug for many bugs.”|1
The left-wing media is having a meltdown over an article recently published by Zero Hedge that speculates about novel coronavirus being a potential bioweapon that originated in a laboratory.Entitled, “Is This The Man Behind The Global Coronavirus Pandemic?” the article explains how a November 18, 2019, “help wanted” ad put out by the Wuhan Institute of Virology sought two post-doctoral fellows to use “bats to research the molecular mechanism that allows Ebola and SARS-associated coronavirus to lie dormant for a long time without causing diseases.”The job description, which is still up on the school’s website at the time of this writing, explains that the position will involve working in the laboratory of Dr. Peng Zhou, Ph.D., a researcher and head of the Bat Virus Infection and Immunization Group.Dr. Zhou started working with bats and communicable viruses back in 2009, having published dozens of articles about his findings in multiple science journals. His lab also issued a press release about how bats can carry illnesses without getting sick themselves while transferring them to people.The Zero Hedge exposé on Dr. Zhou is thorough in detailing Dr. Zhou’s expertise on this subject, which directly coincides with the unexpected release of novel coronavirus from what experts claim were either bats or snakes, or both. It’s also interesting that Dr. Zhou has been doing research at China’s only level-four biohazard lab.As it turns out, Dr. Zhou has not only been researching how bats act as carriers for lethal illnesses without getting sick themselves, but also genetically engineering mechanisms to enhance, you might say, their carrier abilities. He also appears to have created a highly resistant mutant “superbug” in the process.“As part of his studies, Peng also researched mutant Coronavirus strains that overcame the natural immunity of some bats; these are ‘superbug’ Coronavirus strains, which are not resistant to any natural immune pathway, and now appear to be out in the wild,” Zero Hedge explains.“As of mid-November, his lab was actively hiring inexperienced post-docs to help conduct his research into super-Coronaviruses and bat infections.”Twitter bans Zero Hedge for investigative reporting on coronavirus. Zero Hedge concluded its article on Dr. Zhou by publishing his email address and phone number for readers to reach him with inquiries about the subject, prompting Twitter to ban Zero Hedge from its service for supposedly violating its terms of service.Since when is it a digital crime to publish the identity and contact information of a scientific paper author, you might be asking? Since novel coronavirus came along and the mainstream media decided that truth is “offensive.”BuzzFeed News was among the first to publish its own article, which we won’t link to, chiding Zero Hedge for allegedly “doxing” Dr. Zhou, even though it merely published ways for readers to reach him that are publicly available.Describing Zero Hedge as “a pro-Trump blog” – a snide descriptor aimed at denigrating the integrity of Zero Hedge in the minds of BuzzFeed News readers – BuzzFeed News falsely accused the independent media outlet of falsely accusing Dr. Zhou of creating a bioweapon. But here’s the thing: It appears that Dr. Zhou was, in fact, suspiciously involved with all of the right research pertaining to the coronavirus outbreak.If we still had an honest media in this country that engaged in actual journalism, all the major media outlets would be asking questions about Dr. Zhou and his work at the Wuhan Institute of Virology. But instead, we have a complicit faux media that conducts no investigative research whatsoever, while lambasting others like Zero Hedge that do.For more up-to-the-minute news about coronavirus, be sure to check out Pandemic.news.|0
It started with a light cough. He burped constantly, and complained of shortness of breath. Family members thought it was no big deal. The doctor said he seemed to have heart problems and suggested him to stay in the hospital. He appeared healthy except for a minor infection in one lung area.Two weeks later, he was dead, with both lungs infected and organ failure. His doctors at the Wuhan Jinyintan Hospital determined the cause of death as “unknown pneumonia.” It was days before Chinese health authorities identified the cause of the new viral pneumonia as 2019-nCoV, a coronavirus that first emerged in December in the commercial city of Wuhan, his home city.This is a deadly virus, more deadly so far than the worst viral threats to date and they are locking people up in their own homes in China. For all the latest information see this video. Things are moving fast and events are looking to overtake the world’s health officials, who this time are being aggressive in trying to control it, at least in China.Brandon Smith writes, “I would not be surprised if we discover in the next two weeks that the death tally is in the thousands, and the sickness rate is actually in the hundreds of thousands. The fact that China has now quarantined over 50 million people in 16 cities suggests the danger is much higher than they have admitted. If this is the case, then at the very least, the Chinese economy is about to take a massive hit. If the virus doesn’t spread, the economic damage will.”The official number of those infected by the Wuhan Coronaviris (2019-nCoV) now stands at almost 8,000, according to the latest Johns Hopkins CSSE data (already a figure rivaling the 2003 SARS outbreak), with the total number of deaths now standing at 170 (both figures up 29% on the day before). Untold thousands are struggling with the virus in hospitals in China, whose government is promising to build a 1,000 bed hospital in one week in Wuhan.It is highly doubtful, the way things are looking, that even if they lock down all the major cities of the world they are not going to control it, but they will do their best to control us. It is already a matter of too little too late and they still are not advising doctors or the public what simple but powerful things people can do to minimize chances of it going critical demanding ICU care. People are dying from the regular flu but if you get the coronavirus you chances of dying are going to be much greater. Believe me you do not want your loved ones to die of the flu this year.This virus is severe, and with flu season in the northern hemisphere in full swing, it is going to be difficult, if you just are coming down with the feelings of the flu, to determine if you have the new coronavirus, or just regular flu, which can also kill you if you are not careful. Coronaviruses are a class of common viruses, causing everything from the common cold to epidemics like severe acute respiratory syndrome (Sars).Dr. Grayson also said, “Having YEARS of experience developing an Ebola treatment, I was concerned about this Coronavirus Outbreak from the outset, because this coronavirus strain is very contagious, causes severe illness, and NO treatments or vaccines are available.” Well that’s an admission that he knows of no treatments, or the government has no certified treatment, but that does not mean there are no treatments.Approximately 50% lived through Ebola even though patient were not receiving treatment since doctors did not believe there was a treatment. They are saying the same about the coronavirus and that is completely absurd. There are many strong things one can do to increase the chances of surviving viral infections. If you believe there is little or nothing to do, which is what doctors and health organizations believe, that is exactly what you and they will continue to do, even if it means literally adding to the death rate because of limiting beliefs.Doctors get hysterical about viruses because they refused to learn about, and use, the best and safest treatments for their patients. For example, as early as June 1, 1905 an article was printed in the New York Times[1] about the successful use of iodine for consumption/tuberculosis. Though iodine kills most pathogens on the skin within 90 seconds, its use as an antibiotic/antiviral/antifungal has been completely ignored by modern medicine so we do not hear one word about it as the coronavirus spreads.Iodine exhibits activity against bacteria, molds, yeasts, protozoa, and many viruses; indeed, of all antiseptic preparations suitable for direct use on humans and animals and upon tissues, only iodine is capable of killing all classes of pathogens: gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria, mycobacteria, fungi, yeasts, viruses and protozoa. Most bacteria are killed within 15 to 30 seconds of contact.With iodine in your pocket you don’t have to worry so much about viral infections if you know how to use it effectively. “Extremely high doses of iodine can have serious side effects, but only a small fraction of such extreme doses are necessary to kill influenza viruses,” writes Dr. David Derry of Canada. In 1945, a breakthrough occurred when Dr. J.D. Stone and Sir McFarland Burnet (who later went on to win a Nobel Prize for his Clonal Selection Theory) exposed mice to lethal effects of influenza viral mists. The lethal disease was prevented by putting iodine solution on mice snouts just prior to placing them in chambers containing influenza viruses. Dr. Derry reminds us that a long time ago students in classrooms were protected from influenza by iodine aerosol therapy. Aerosol iodine also is effective against freshly sprayed influenza virus.Dr. David Brownstein says, “Iodine is essential to not only fighting off an infection it is necessary for proper immune system functioning. There is no bacteria, virus, parasite or fungus that is known to be resistant to iodine.”Medicines To Have And Use At Home.There is a short list of medicines used in ICU departments that can be used safely at home to minimize the threat of dying from the coronavirus. Sodium bicarbonate should be stocked in the house and taken, enough so one gets everyone’s urinary pH up to being more alkaline. The body should be literally flooded with magnesium, high dosages of selenium and iodine, potassium (potassium bicarbonate) and even sulfur. Vitamin C and D can also be taken at very high dosages as they sometimes are given in the best ICU treatment centers.Brownstein says vitamin A should be added to this list. He also says, “To prevent becoming ill and to avoid having a poorly responding immune system, it is vitally important to eat a healthy diet free of all sources of refined sugar. Refined sugar has been shown to negatively alter the functioning of the white blood cells for hours after ingestion. Finally, it is important to maintain optimal hydration—drink water!”In the emergency room medicines have to be safe while delivering an instant lifesaving burst of healing power. The idea when used at home is to constantly be administering these medicinals during waking hours when suffering from the flu or the cornonavirus.The power and speed of these medicines and the flexibility of their administration methods make them ideal especially because of their extremely low-toxicity profiles. As usual the key to their use is in the dose given. (Dosages and Treatments for Cornonavirus Infections Coming Tomorrow.) Fewer people will die from the coronavirus, as from any virus, if they are treated correctly.If, God forbid, one comes down with the virus it is good to have a nebulizer on hand so you can get magnesium, iodine and bicarbonate directly into the lungs.Serious Conclusions.Brandon Smith has a lot to say about why we should all be concerned:“Global pandemic, whether a natural event or deliberately engineered, actually serves the purposes of the globalist establishment in a number of ways. First and foremost, it is a superb distraction. The general public, overcome with fears of an invisible force of nature that can possibly kill them at any moment, will probably forget all about the much bigger threat to their life, liberty and future – the subsequent collapse of the massive ‘Everything Bubble’ and the globalist “solution” that a pandemic can trigger.”“The globalist establishment has created the largest financial bubble in modern history through central bank stimulus, inflating a highly unstable artificial rally in markets while also creating new highs in national debt, corporate debt and consumer debt. The economic fundamentals have been sending alarms for the past two years, and the ‘Everything Bubble’ is showing signs of implosion. It is only a matter of time before the farce collapses by itself. The globalists need scapegoats, but they also need an event or wave of events so distracting that people will not be able to discern what really happened.”“The reason why globalists want a collapse is simple – They need crisis in order to manipulate the masses into accepting total centralization, a global monetary system and global governance. They are also rabid believers in eugenics and population reduction. At the very least, a global pandemic is a useful happenstance for them; but the timing of the coronavirus event and their highly accurate “simulation” only three months ago also suggests their potential involvement, as it comes right as the implosion of the Everything Bubble was accelerating.”|0
Two days ago, a paper published in the Biorxiv.org journal presented findings that indicated the coronavirus appeared to be engineered with “key structural proteins” of HIV. The paper, entitled, “Uncanny similarity of unique inserts in the 2019-nCoV spike protein to HIV-1 gp120 and Gag,” concluded that the engineering of coronavirus with such gene sequences was “unlikely to be fortuitous in nature,” providing strong scientific support for the theory that the coronavirus is an engineered bioweapon that escaped laboratory containment in China.The coverage of this paper by Zero Hedge led to a firestorm of denials by governments, health authorities and the CIA-controlled media, not surprisingly. Any suggestion that the coronavirus was engineered as a bioweapon had to be immediately eliminated. The prevailing panic by the establishment sought to blame this outbreak on Mother Nature — i.e. bats, snakes, seafood, etc. — rather than the human beings who are playing around with deadly biological weapons that are designed to extinguish human life.Within hours, Twitter slapped down a permanent ban on Zero Hedge, making sure the independent publisher could no longer reach its Twitter audience. After all, the first casualty in any pandemic is the truth, and Jack Dorsey is not only an enabler of pedophiles and child rapists, he’s also an authoritarian tyrant who wants to make sure the public is completely isolated from any “non official” reports about this pandemic. (Jack Dorsey has sided with communist China, in other words. Is anyone surprised?). Under the intense pressure, the authors of the original paper have now withdrawn the paper and intend to revise it. The publication that originally carried the paper now has a warning message stating, “This article has been withdrawn. Click here for details.” (See original source link here.)In addition, the publisher has posted a message warning that all the science papers it posts as “preliminary reports” that “should not be regarded as conclusive,” especially when the science establishment is panicked that its official narratives might be crumbling by the hour.No doubt the authors of this particular paper have been sufficiently threatened to revise their conclusions, and an update of their original paper will soon be posted that effectively denounces everything they stated in the original paper. The criminal wing of the science establishment strikes again, of course, and this tactic of threatening scientists with loss of funding, being blacklisted or even physically threatened and killed is not unusual at all. The CDC, NIH and even the EPA have long histories of threatening scientists with being harmed or killed if they don’t fall in line with the prevailing lies of the establishment. In some cases, they’ve even imprisoned scientists for fraud after those individuals refused to retract their papers. This has been especially common in research areas such as HIV / AIDS, pandemics and vaccines. Any scientist who finds fault with the establishment is destroyed, imprisoned or murdered.In fact, I’ve interviewed one of the science victims of this, named Judy Mikovits, PhD. Watch my full interview here, but keep reading below first, because there’s a lot more to this story that will shock you:pShuttle-SN sequence proves the coronavirus pandemic was definitely engineered in a lab. Now, stunning new evidence has emerged that proves the coronavirus was definitely engineered in a laboratory and may have been deliberately injected into patients as part of a Chinese vaccine experiment gone wrong.As detailed by James Lyons-Weiler, PhD, founder of the Institute for Pure and Applied Knowledge and author of 57 peer-reviewed publications, an analysis of the gene sequence for the coronavirus finds a peculiar sequence called “pShuttle-SN.” This sequence is is the remnant of a genetic engineering sequence that’s used to insert genes into viruses and bacteria. It provides irrefutable “open source” proof that the coronavirus now circulating in the wild was engineered in a laboratory. Every lab that has the gene sequence can see this for themselves. It’s right out in the open, which is why we describe this revelation as “open source.”“One thing we can say for certain is that this particular virus has a laboratory origin,” states Lyons-Weiler in a bombshell interview with Del Bigtree of The Highwire (see video below, via Brighteon.com, since the video would be banned everywhere else).This genomic evidence does not, however, prove whether it was produced as a bioweapon or as a vaccine experiment. It could be either one, according to Lyons-Weiler:In fact, if you then take that sequence and compare it to other proteins, we find that it’s actually a SARS protein that was put into a coronavirus for the purpose of making the vaccine work better. That’s why this element is in there, to create a more reactogenic vaccine.There’s bombshell after bombshell in this interview, especially at the 27:59 and 33:57 marks. Watch it exclusively at Brighteon.com, given that this information is of course being banned everywhere else by the anti-human tech giants, all of which are now siding with communist China to cover up the truth:If it was a vaccine experiment gone wrong, then the world is in real trouble, warns analyst.Why does it matter whether the origin was a Chinese vaccine experiment vs. a bioweapon? As previous research has revealed, when these SARS insertions into the coronavirus are introduced into animal as part of a vaccine, they create heightened fatalities when patients are exposed to other coronavirus strains.In effect, being vaccinated with this particular strain of coronavirus causes individuals to be more easily killed by the common cold and other non-pandemic coronavirus strains that are circulating in the wild.This is confirmed in the following science paper published in the PLoS ONE science journal: Immunization with SARS Coronavirus Vaccines Leads to Pulmonary Immunopathology on Challenge with the SARS Virus.This horrifying realization emerged when Chinese researchers were trying to make a SARS vaccine following the SARS outbreak from several years ago. They discovered that the SARS vaccine increased fatalities instead of saving people. Further study revealed that the SARS sequence being inserted into the coronavirus made the virus far more deadly, effectively transforming it into a bioweapon whether intended or not.Now, James Lyons-Weiler, PhD, has published a detailed article explaining the SARS insertion into the coronavirus and why this is proof that the coronavirus now circulating in the wild is of laboratory origin, not coming from bats and snakes. From his interview, above:Was it a vaccine that the Chinese government was experimenting with? … If you use a SARS vaccine in ferrets, rats or monkeys, and then they get a secondary infection of a SARS virus, the elderly and immunocompromised end up dying.So what we may in fact be looking at is a hidden attempt by the Chinese to get a jump on this, the economics of vaccines… it’s not working no matter who develops the vaccine, and that’s why the last time there was a SARS vaccine, the vaccine developers could not get funding because the mice, the rats were dying.I can say with certainty it’s not just a wild type coronavirus that just happened to acquire this [SARS] element. It’s laboratory acquired somehow. It has escaped from the laboratory or people have been vaccinated with it and that’s why it’s in their bodies…There’s a huge difference in the predicted health outcome for the world if this is a vaccination experiment in China versus just a laboratory escaped vaccine. In the vaccination experiment, you’re not vaccinated against coronavirus with that vaccine…, so if the Chinese tried to get a jump on the vaccine market by surreptitiously running clinical trials. against the coronavirus, and made their elderly and immunocompromised more susceptible to death due to subsequent infection by any coronavirus with this protein that’s in the vaccine, then the rest of the world has a serious humanitarian issue. if it is a biological laboratory weapons escape, it’s going to be a nightmare, but if it’s a vaccine type that escaped because of an accidental injection into someone, it’s going to be worse than… if they made their entire population susceptible to SARS with a vaccine program.In other words, if it’s an escaped vaccine strain that has now gone wild, the entire world is now vulnerable to the SARS-coronavirus gene insertion which was previously found to be killing lab animals, which is why the SARS vaccine program was halted (because it was too dangerous to test on humans).As Lyons-Weiler writes, “IPAK researchers found a sequence similarity between a pShuttle-SN recombination vector sequence and INS1378. Here’s a shot of the alignment and the DOT Plot.”The process for achieving this was patented by Chinese researchers as shown in this patent link.Lyons-Weiler warns:The disease progression in of 2019-nCoV is consistent with those seen in animals and humans vaccinated against SARS and then challenged with re-infection. Thus, the hypothesis that 2019-nCoV is an experimental vaccine type must be seriously considered.He further concludes that this appears almost certain to be a vaccine experiment gone wrong:The available evidence most strongly supports that the 2019-NCoV virus is a vaccine strain of coronavirus either accidentally released from a laboratory accident, perhaps a laboratory researcher becoming infected with the virus while conducting animal experiments, or the Chinese were performing clinical studies of a Coronavirus vaccine in humans.If this is further confirmed, we may, in fact, be looking at a true vaccine holocaust where vaccine researchers are now subjecting the entire world to a deadly mistake that could theoretically cause a very large number of fatalities… all in the quest for vaccine profits, of course.As Lyons-Weiler further warns:If the Chinese government has been conducting human trials against SARS. MERS, or other coronviruses using recombined viruses, they may have made their citizens far more susceptible to acute respiratory distress syndrome upon infection with 2019-nCoV coronavirus.The implications are clear: if China sensitized their population via a SARS vaccine, and this escaped from a lab, the rest of world has a serious humanitarian urgency to help China, but may not expect as serious an epidemic as might otherwise be expected.In the worst-case scenario, if the vaccination strain is more highly contagious and lethal, 2019-nCoV could become the worst example of vaccine-derived contagious disease in human history.Tech giants now working over time to cover it all up, censor all dissenting views, and reinforce communist China’s official lies. As expected, the evil tech giants are working overtime to squelch any dissenting views and protect the vaccine industry as well as the bioweapons industry. No blame can be allowed to fall on either one. Instead, Mother Nature must be blamed for all this. And that means the truth must be silenced… a strategy that is, of course, routine for the vaccine industry.Every channel, voice or website now exploring any human origins of this coronavirus strain — whether related to vaccines or bioweapons — is being rapidly de-platformed and attacked. In some cases, websites are being sabotaged and taken offline, as happened with Natural News last week (we have since recovered, which is why you are able to read this).Yet the anti-human tech giants are unified in their efforts to silence all information that contradicts official lies, no matter how scientifically accurate that information may be.Watch this important video to learn more about Big Tech and how it ran a simulation — complete with fake news censorship highlights — to play out the exact scenario we’re all witnessing now: A global pandemic of human origin, infecting tens of thousands of people, accompanied by a government cover-up:|0
Create a household plan of action to help protect your health and the health of those you care about in the event of an outbreak of COVID-19 in your community:Talk with the people who need to be included in your plan, and discuss what to do if a COVID-19 outbreak occurs in your community.Plan ways to care for those who might be at greater risk for serious complications, particularly older adults and those with severe chronic medical conditions like heart, lung or kidney disease.Make sure they have access to several weeks of medications and supplies in case you need to stay home for prolonged periods of time.Get to know your neighbors and find out if your neighborhood has a website or social media page to stay connected.Create a list of local organizations that you and your household can contact in the event you need access to information, healthcare services, support, and resources.Create an emergency contact list of family, friends, neighbors, carpool drivers, health care providers, teachers, employers, the local public health department, and other community resources.|1
Researchers hope that a new visualization of the architecture of SARS-CoV-2 will show them how to defeat it.Like any virus, the novel coronavirus is a germ that tries to burrow into a cell and turn it into a virus-replicating factory. If it succeeds, it can produce an infection — in this case, a respiratory disease. The type of cells a virus targets and how it enters them depend on how the virus is built.This virus gets its family name from a telltale series of spikes — tens or even hundreds of them — that circle its bloblike core like a crown, or corona. Virologists know from studying its close cousins, viruses that cause SARS and MERS, that the spikes interact with receptors on cells like keys in locks, enabling the virus to enter.Very recent innovations in imaging techniques enabled researchers to peer so closely at the novel virus’s spikes that they created a model of one, right down to the atoms, and are beginning to reveal its secrets.It has a clever disguise.Sugars dot the outside of the spike, just like sugars dot the outside of regular human cells, said David Veesler, a structural virologist at the University of Washington who led a team that visualized the SARS-CoV-2 spike and published a March 19 paper on its architecture.This carbohydrate camouflage makes the virus more difficult for the human immune system to recognize.t seems to attach by opening and closing.Each spike is made of three identical proteins twisted together, Veesler said.His team captured images of the ends of these proteins opening in the spike’s cap-like apex before and during the attempt to bind to a receptor. Studies on SARS- and MERS-causing viruses indicate that all three proteins in a spike have to open for it to gain access to a cell.Experts say a vaccine is at least a year away, but they’re coming up with strategies now.One may be able to trigger antibodies that strike areas of the protein that are exposed when it opens, said virologist Vineet Menachery, who specializes in the study of coronaviruses at the University of Texas Medical Branch in Galveston.The holy grail of vaccines, Veesler said, would trigger antibodies that attack a spike’s stem, which is so similar to other coronaviruses that a single vaccine might protect against several strains instead of just one.One treatment avenue may be to block receptors so the spikes have nowhere to attach.Perhaps a concert of strategies could work together against these tiny invaders, each 1,000 times smaller than the cells they infect. After all, the natural human immune response plays defense in many ways at once.While we wait for a vaccine, we have ways to defeat it.Soap — bar soap, liquid soap, laundry detergent and such — is virus kryptonite, which is why the message “Wash your hands!” is everywhere. But Menachery said heat and ultraviolet light are two other ways to neutralize a coronavirus, and each of these methods works in a different way.After about 20 seconds of contact, soap breaks apart the fragile, fatty membrane that holds the virus together. Disinfecting agents with at least 60 percent alcohol puncture and destroy the virus in a similar way.Extreme heat — near boiling — causes the proteins in the spikes to unravel and lose their shape, deactivating them. A human fever is not hot enough to do this; it’s unclear what effect warm summer weather will have.And ultraviolet light has been used as a disinfectant for a century in hospitals and water supplies. It shatters the genetic material inside viruses, bacteria and other microbes. However, it doesn’t always work uniformly, Menachery said, and disinfecting UV light can’t be used with people around because it damages human cells.|1
The truth about novel coronavirus is starting to trickle its way out of the realm of independent science with new research pointing to strange anomalies in the virus’s genetic structure that suggest it’s more than likely a bioweapon.Published in the online journal bioRxiv, the study found that novel coronavirus contains “key structural proteins” from HIV. Entitled, “Uncanny similarity of unique inserts in the 2019-nCoV spike protein to HIV-1 gp120 and Gag,” the paper identifies four unique insertions in the virus’s spike glycoprotein that aren’t present in any other form of coronavirus, meaning this one is a whole different animal.The paper goes into further specifics about how these inserts do not appear to be natural, concluding that the engineering of novel coronavirus with these unusual gene sequences “is unlikely to be fortuitous in nature,” again pointing to its unnatural origin.Almost nobody knows about this study because the mainstream media is ignoring it and its implications. And independent media outlets like Zero Hedge that have dared to report on it are now being systematically censored from Twitter and other social media platforms for spreading “misinformation.”“Any suggestion that the coronavirus was engineered as a bioweapon had to be immediately eliminated,” writes Mike Adams, the Health Ranger, about the situation.“The prevailing panic by the establishment sought to blame this outbreak on Mother Nature – i.e. bats, snakes, seafood, etc. – rather than the human beings who are playing around with deadly biological weapons that are designed to extinguish human life.”Be sure to watch the below Health Ranger report from Brighteon.com about the coronavirus situation, entitled “Coronavirus is BIOLOGICAL WEAPON system designed to destroy America:”Was the release of novel coronavirus an accident or intentional?Based on the information put forth by Zero Hedge that got the site banned from Twitter, it appears that novel coronavirus is, in fact, a manufactured bioweapon. The question that remains is whether or not it was accidentally or intentionally released.Dr. Peng Zhou, Ph.D., the scientist who Zero Hedge outed for working with deadly viruses at the Wuhan Institute of Virology, very well could have been involved with research on this particular virus that potentially went terribly wrong. Or, it’s possible that it was developed on purpose as a covert bioweapon to unleash havoc on the world.Keep in mind that the aforementioned paper has since been retracted, meaning someone got to the researchers who published it and pressured them to withdraw it, presumably because it contains too much truth.There’s obviously much more to the story than we’re all being told, and yet the corporate media continues to publish lies – or nothing at all – about the true origin of novel coronavirus. We’re all expected to just believe the narrative that bats and snakes at a seafood market caused this, case closed.“No doubt the authors of this particular paper have been sufficiently threatened to revise their conclusions, and an update of their original paper will soon be posted that effectively denounces everything they stated in the original paper,” Adams contends.“The criminal wing of the science establishment strikes again, of course, and this tactic of threatening scientists with loss of funding, being blacklisted or even physically threatened and killed is not unusual at all.”Time will tell if anything becomes of politically incorrect science like this that lets the cat out of the bag, so to speak. It’s apparently too much truth for the general public to handle, so it has to be stifled and buried, at least for now.To keep up with the latest coronavirus news, be sure to check out Pandemic.news.|0
The Trump administration released several pages of simple behaviors for keeping schools, homes and businesses safe during a coronavirus outbreak.The Trump administration on Monday night issued several pages of tips for navigating the coronavirus, organizing a set of recommendations for schools, businesses, homes and offices into a document that resembles easy-on-the-eye restaurant food-safety charts.The simple behaviors recommended in the guidelines — like washing hands, managing air flow, protecting food and carving out private space in a home — show how federal health officials believe the virus could influence everyday life.“These are really simple, low-tech things,” Dr. Anthony S. Fauci, the director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases and a key member of the Trump administration’s coronavirus task force, said at a White House news briefing. “There’s nothing in there that’s complicated. But it’s just stated in a way that’s clear, that people can understand.”After the briefing, Vice President Mike Pence posted images of the guidelines on Twitter. They are expected to also be published on Coronavirus.gov, a federal hub of virus information where the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has already posted similar advice.Here is what the guidelines recommend.How to navigate the office.Stay home if you or family members who live with you are sick. Several top health officials have repeatedly urged Americans to not risk going to work if they come down with symptoms that might indicate an infection.Use the usual electronic means of work life, like email, to remind yourself to wash your hands. Devise ways to remember to not touch your face. And avoid shaking hands — “noncontact methods of greeting” are preferable.Instead of in-person meetings, the guidelines suggest teleconferencing. If meetings are held in person, they should be in open, well-ventilated rooms. Open windows will help.The World Health Organization warns that “poorly ventilated buildings affect air quality and can contribute to the spread of disease,” and that in health facilities with a high concentration of infectious patients, poor ventilation worsens the risk of transmission.How to divide a homeDivvy up your home to account for the elderly or those with underlying conditions that make them particularly susceptible to infection. Make a “protected space” for those at risk, and give the sick their own rooms, where the door should be kept closed. Only one person should care for the ill.Healthy people in your home should act as if they could be a risk to the vulnerable, washing their hands frequently before interacting with them.How to keep a school safe.Schools should avoid mixing ages and consider adjusting or postponing in-school and extracurricular gatherings that intermingle classes and grades. Classes should be held outdoors, if possible, or anywhere well ventilated.Students should limit sharing food, and cafeteria workers should practice strict hygiene. Schools should screen cafeteria workers and those they come in contact with.How to protect a business.Businesses should limit attendance at large gatherings and use online transactions for events, avoiding the kind of close contact that occurs at box offices. The advice follows news of several large event cancellations, including the South by Southwest festival in Austin, Texas, a major professional tennis tournament in California and a health conference where President Trump was scheduled to speak.Businesses should promote “tap and pay” machines that cut down on the use of cash, a notorious germ-carrying material.Drivers for ride-sharing services and taxis should keep their windows open and regularly disinfect surfaces. Uber has said it will offer drivers two weeks of paid sick leave if they are infected with the coronavirus or are quarantined.|1
Consider wearing a mask in public. The C.D.C. advises all Americans to wear cloth masks in public. President Trump says it won’t be mandatory.This C.D.C. recommendation is a shift in federal guidance, and reflects concerns that the coronavirus is being spread by infected people who have no symptoms.Until now, experts at the C.D.C. had been saying that ordinary people didn’t need to wear masks unless they were sick and coughing. Part of the reason was to preserve medical-grade masks for health care workers who desperately need them at a time when they are in continuously short supply. (The New York Times and other news outlets had been reporting the C.D.C.’s previous guidance.Top officials at the C.D.C. had been pushing for Mr. Trump to advise everyone — even people who appear to be healthy — to wear a mask when shopping at the grocery store or going out in other public places, to avoid unwittingly spreading the virus. Public health officials have stressed that N95 masks and surgical masks should be saved for front-line doctors and nurses, who have been in dire need of protective gear.Mask wearing doesn’t replace hand washing and social distancing.Here is our guidance on how to best protect yourself, including a pattern to make your own cloth mask.|1
Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates will launch human-implantable capsules that have ‘digital certificates’ which can show who has been tested for thecoronavirus and who has been vaccinated against it.|0
We may be looking at a complete collapse of our western economy, and growing misery- for the masses. – What will happen to these people, without jobs, without incomes, many of them may also lose their homes, as they will not be able to pay their mortgages or rents? – They may die from famine, diseases of all sorts, despair – the desired world population reduction that Bill Gates, Rockefeller and Co aspire. It may be part of and the beginning of their sinister eugenics plan.The doomsday picture may continue as all the bankrupt small and medium size enterprises – including airlines, tourist industries – et al, will be bought up by huge monopolies, that already exist, Google, Amazon, AliBaba and more. Mergers of gigantic proportions may take place. It may be the last shift of capital from the bottom to the top in our era of civilization as we know it.A global vaccination program with toxins and DNA-altering proteins contained in the injected immune-serum may be forced upon the surviving population. Included within the injection of vaccine may be a nano-chip, that people are not aware of, but that may be uploaded with all your personal data, from health records, to traffic violations, to your bank account – so that you can be followed, surveyed and watched over – every step you take. And every dissenting view you voice will be recorded and listened to, and you may be punished by your money being confiscated or a drone may do away with you, depending on the gravity of the dissent. Yes, the implantation of a nano-chip is a reality.|0
The European Union is actually dead. In this critical moment, it was not able to offer people anything. All countries closed their borders and reestablished border control. The EU ceased to exist for a while.|0
How are quarantine and isolation different?Quarantine. Quarantine is used to keep someone who might have been exposed to COVID-19 away from others. Quarantine helps prevent spread of disease that can occur before a person knows they are sick or if they are infected with the virus without feeling symptoms. People in quarantine should stay home, separate themselves from others, monitor their health, and follow directions from their state or local health department.Isolation. Isolation is used to separate people infected with the virus (those who are sick with COVID-19 and those with no symptoms) from people who are not infected. People who are in isolation should stay home until it’s safe for them to be around others. In the home, anyone sick or infected should separate themselves from others by staying in a specific “sick room” or area and using a separate bathroom (if available).How are quarantine and isolation similar?Both quarantine and isolation: involve separation of people to protect the public. help limit further spread of COVID-19. can be done voluntarily or be required by health authorities. How do I know if I need to be in isolation or quarantine?If you live in a community where COVID-19 is or might be spreading (currently, that is virtually everywhere in the United States). Watch Your Health. Be alert for symptoms. Watch for fever, cough, shortness of breath, or other symptoms of COVID-19.Take your temperature if symptoms develop.Practice social distancing. Maintain 6 feet of distance from others, and stay out of crowded places. Follow CDC guidance if symptoms develop.If you feel healthy but: Recently had close contact with a person with COVID-19. Stay Home and Monitor Your Health. (Quarantine). Stay home until 14 days after your last exposure. Check your temperature twice a day and watch for symptoms of COVID-19.If possible, stay away from people who are at higher-risk for getting very sick from COVID-19.If you: Have been diagnosed with COVID-19, or Are waiting for test results, or Have cough, fever, or shortness of breath, or other symptoms of COVID-19. Isolate Yourself from Others. (Isolation) Stay home.If you live with others, stay in a specific “sick room” or area and away from other people or animals, including pets. Use a separate bathroom, if available.Read important information about caring for yourself or someone else who is sick, including when it’s safe to end home isolation.If you Recently traveled from somewhere outside the United States or on a cruise ship or river boat.Follow CDC Guidance for:returning from international travel returning from cruise ship or river voyages|1
Firstly, no evidence has been presented to support the claim that SARS-CoV-2 was released from a laboratory in China, nor that this specific strain or a directly related ancestor was being studied in laboratories before the outbreak occurred. Although SARS-like coronaviruses are being studied in labs, they are distant relatives of the human-targeting SARS-CoV-2[1]. The closest known relative of SARS-CoV-2 is the bat virus RaTG13, which shares 96% identity with the SARS-CoV-2 genome. Even this close cousin is separated from SARS-CoV-2 by decades of evolution, as suggested by scientists here and here.In addition, scientists have found no evidence in the SARS-CoV-2 genome to indicate that it was human engineered. As Health Feedback reported here, a group of 27 researchers from several countries publicly rejected the allegation that the virus was laboratory-made[2]. As the authors pointed out: “Scientists from multiple countries have published and analysed genomes of the causative agent, severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2), and they overwhelmingly conclude that this coronavirus originated in wildlife, as have so many other emerging pathogens”.A recent study published in Nature Medicine on 17 March 2020 established that SARS-CoV-2 very likely evolved naturally, probably originating from a coronavirus in pangolins or bats (or both), and later developed the ability to infect humans.The so-called S protein, which is located on the surface of the enveloping membrane of the SARS-CoV-2 virus, allows the virus to bind to and infect animal cells. This protein displays a high affinity for a protein called ACE2 located on the surface of the targeted animal cells[4]. This is the same receptor that SARS-CoV-1, the virus responsible for the SARS outbreak of 2003-2005, targets. After the SARS outbreaks, researchers identified a set of key amino acids within the S protein which give SARS-CoV-1 a super-affinity for the ACE2 target receptor[4,5]. Surprisingly, the S protein of the current SARS-CoV-2 does not contain this optimal set of amino acids[3], yet is nonetheless able to bind ACE2 with a greater affinity than SARS-CoV-1[6]. This finding suggests that SARS-CoV-2 evolved independently and undermines the claim that it was manmade[3]. Indeed, the best engineering strategy would have been to harness the known and efficient amino acid sequences already described in SARS-CoV-1 to produce a more optimal molecular design for SARS-CoV-2. Over the past two decades, scientists have developed several genomic coronavirus “backbones” to be used as the initial framework for engineering experimental viruses, but the genome sequence of SARS-CoV-2 indicates that no such backbones are present[3]. Researchers have also determined through genome sequencing that SARS-CoV-2 likely originated in either bats or pangolins, or both[3,7]. Indeed, SARS-CoV-2 shares 96% identity of its genome sequence with the bat coronavirus RaTG13 and 91% with a pangolin coronavirus isolated from dead animals. The percent identity with the pangolin coronavirus is even stronger in the key amino acids necessary for the binding of the virus to the targeted cells[3,7]. Altogether, this evidence strongly indicates that the virus originated in wildlife and developed the ability to infect humans at a later point in time.The robust scientific evidence that SARS-CoV-2 evolved naturally does not exclude the possibility that it could have escaped from a laboratory if any had indeed been studying it before the outbreak. However, in order for the hypothesis to be true, a lot of unlikely conditions would have had to be met. Firstly, a laboratory would have had to secretly harvest a natural precursor of SARS-CoV-2 from an unknown animal reservoir and culture it in the laboratory. Secondly, the scientists would have had to adapt the precursor virus to humans in the lab and then release it into the population—this is inconsistent with the results of genomic analyses indicating that the virus evolved naturally. While not impossible, such a chain of events is highly improbable and there is currently no evidence to support this claim. The article from the MyNaCl blog does not provide any information to support this hypothesis. In summary, genomic data indicate that SARS-CoV-2 shares a strong genetic identity with coronaviruses isolated from bats and pangolins, which suggests a natural origin. Additionally, the data do not contain any evidence of human engineering. Finally, there is no piece of evidence available either in the post or elsewhere to support the claim that the virus was intentionally released and/or propagated. Several competing hypotheses have been proposed to explain where the novel coronavirus actually came from. Health Feedback investigated the three most widespread origin stories for the novel coronavirus (engineered, lab-leak or natural infection), and examined the evidence for or against each proposed hypothesis in this Insight article.|1
Once two or more people are identified, disease detectives (such as those in the CDC’s Epidemic Intelligence Service) look for what these people have in common. Do they live together? Work together? Shop at the same market? Points of overlap could indicate sources of the pathogen.At the same time, infectious disease doctors and scientists try figure out what the pathogen is. In the case of the novel coronavirus, scientists isolated and genetically sequenced the virus, revealing its close relationship to SARS, which originated in bats but was transmitted to humans through another species.Pinpointing the precise animal species will take time and a lot of testing: It took more than a year to identify civets as the intermediary host between bats and humans for SARS.|1
There is little doubt that the coronavirus threat is overestimated by mainstream media and governemnts. Covid-19 is in fact an ordinary viral disease with a slightly higher mortality from complications for people of old age or peopel with weakened immunity. Another open secret is that the current hysteria over the outbreak is being successfully used by some players to achieve their own economic and geopolitical goals. Looking at the current situation in Europe, one could suppose that some forces have seized an opportunity and are now fueling the coronavirus crisis intentionally.|0
How do you know if you have 5G Flu or 5G Syndrome or both?Coronavirus Contagion Much More Virulent and Deadly in 5G Hotspots. It’s of paramount importance to comprehend that there is a HUGE difference between 5G Flu and 5G Syndrome.It especially behoves every smartphone user to know the difference.People who live in 5G hotspots also really need to know the difference.Internet addicts who are setting up their own IoT space inside of a 5G super-hotspot better know the difference as their life depends on it.5G Flu or 5G Syndrome. An unknown number of smartphone addicts are blissfully unaware that they may be suffering from either a low-grade 5G Flu or asymptomatic 5G Syndrome. Wherever 5G Flu is written below in the “KEY POINTS“, direct involvement of the Wuhan coronavirus (aka COVID-19) is implied in its distinctive pathology, biological evolution, cellular etiology and more elusive environmental causation.KEY POINTS: 5G Syndrome is a much more serious medical ailment than 5G Flu. 5G Syndrome represents a much more extensive list of severe symptoms, some of which are life-threatening. However, as the whole world has witnessed, 5G Flu can also kill you—FAST—depending on your overall health profile and the strength of your immune system. That’s why the elderly and infirm succumb to 5G Flu so quickly … and children seem to have a natural immunity.Nonetheless, it’s 5G Syndrome that is the quiet killer because of how many symptoms will occur completely under the radar over years. Also, many of those symptoms will be routinely misinterpreted as other disease processes by medical and holistic doctors alike. This kind of misdiagnosis and under-diagnosis by physicians everywhere has occurred over several decades regarding Electrohypersensitivity illness, often by the intentional design of the Medical-Big Pharma Complex.Then there are those individuals who suffer from both 5G Flu and early-onset 5G Syndrome; they’re the ones dropping like flies in Wuhan, China. Their addiction to smartphones and other wireless devices blinded them to the adverse health effects caused by the sudden influx of 5G energies (which include extremely high radiofrequency signal ranges and ultra-strong microwave transmissions) when they flipped the switch in 2019 in Hubei Province.In general, 5G Flu is more of an acute illness whereas 5G Syndrome is a long-term, chronic disease. They mutually support and feed off each other which is what makes them so dangerous and increasingly fatal. A person who has 5G Syndrome is much more susceptible to contracting 5G Flu. And, a person with 5G Flu is a good candidate for developing 5G Syndrome.One who repeatedly gets the Wuhan coronavirus (or 5G Flu), as many Chinese sufferers have to date, will exhibit a greater likelihood of developing 5G Syndrome; that is, if they don’t already have a case of it. The extraordinary re-infection rates for COVID-19, also known as the coronavirus bioweapon triggering 5G Flu, offer compelling circumstantial evidence that it’s really an electromagnetic radiation-driven disease more than a bioengineered coronavirus; although, it’s really both co-factors working in tandem to turbo-charge each other.Truly, the ‘inexplicable’ re-infection rates tell the hidden back story about this swiftly unfolding pandemic. The only plausible reason for multiple re-infections, when compared to all previously studied coronavirus outbreaks prior to the WiFi era, is that the former COVID-19 patients have stepped back into their wireless environment, they live in a 5G hotspot, they are creating their own IoT and/or they still sleep with their smartphones — TURNED ON — under their pillows.5G Syndrome insidiously develops over a period of sustained exposure to a 5G power grid and/or usage of even a small-scale version of a home-based IoT or a full-scale office build-out of the Internet of Things. The longer any individual sits in those unsafe levels of 5G-disseminated EMFs and microwaves, the more likely they will experience the evolution of their own unique form of 5G Syndrome. Eventually, they will become vulnerable to not only 5G Flu (i.e. Wuhan coronavirus), but also to the whole host of other bioengineered flu strains and naturally occurring influenzas.The most critical point here is that every long-term, habitual smartphone user is at great risk for developing either 5G Flu and 5G Syndrome, or both. During the annual flu seasons, they will be more susceptible than others to any type of influenza that passes through the neighborhood, especially one of the various coronaviruses.The symptoms of both. What will eventually follow in this blog is a list of symptoms of both 5G Flu and 5G Syndrome which will distinguish the one medical ailment from the other. Inevitably, there will be many symptoms that overlap for obvious reasons, but even those will have subtle differences to the trained clinician.This future list of 5G symptoms will by no means be exhaustive and will be added to in the weeks and months and years ahead. Its compilation represents a collaborative effort among many like-minded healthcare professionals and health advocates who deeply understand the intimate connection between the human bio-organism and ambient electromagnetic fields.These medical clinicians, alternative healthcare practitioners and biomedical researchers are especially aware of the numerous adverse health effects and profound environmental impacts produced by the rapidly emerging 5G power grid. Connecting the most crucial dots has become easier as the 5G roll-out takes place in cities nationwide as well as worldwide.China has provided an excellent observation laboratory with the Wuhan 5G Demonstration Zone being the most watched experiment in the world today. Some have even noted that the Wuhanese have sacrificed themselves for the sake of enlightening the rest of humanity. Now it’s time for the Chinese government to share the medical data and scientific observations so that their 5G roll-out can be properly implicated in this paralyzing public health crisis.There are many symptoms which constitute either the 5G Flu or 5G Syndrome symptom set, as well as those that are common to both. The due diligence process and proper vetting required to confirm them with a high level of integrity is quite tedious and challenging. Nevertheless, this project is proceeding with all deliberate speed in the interest of precluding a public health disaster of epic proportions. Our real intention is to avert a full-blown ELE (Extinction Level Event) in light of the 5G juggernaut rolling across the land on all 7 continents.The following two links provide just a glimpse into the enormity and gravity of this vast biomedical research project. This “Special Report” is very much a work-in-progress and will be posted in its entirety in the near future. One of the writer-researchers is also The Coronavirus Coach and, therefore, we are still identifying the various and sundry symptoms that define both 5G Flu and 5G Syndrome. In the meantime, every person who suspects that they suffer from either of these medical ailments, or if they have been medically diagnosed with COVID-19, ought to read the symptoms of EHS listed here: Electrohypersensitivity Syndrome: The Symptoms & Some Solutions.|0
In front of us, apparently, is the ideal crime of the millennium. To maintain world domination, a small group of people a group of people developed and used biological weapons on a global scale. There have never been such precedents in history.  And if there are many arguments in favor of this version, then there is not one that refutes it convincingly. This is what we must first take into account when speaking of genocide, which had no historical analogies.|0
Coronaviruses are generally thought to be spread from person to person through respiratory droplets. Currently, there is no evidence to support transmission of COVID-19 associated with food. Before preparing or eating food it is important to always wash your hands with soap and water for at least 20 seconds for general food safety. Throughout the day use a tissue to cover your coughing or sneezing, and wash your hands after blowing your nose, coughing or sneezing, or going to the bathroom.It may be possible that a person can get COVID-19 by touching a surface or object, like a packaging container, that has the virus on it and then touching their own mouth, nose, or possibly their eyes, but this is not thought to be the main way the virus spreads.In general, because of poor survivability of these coronaviruses on surfaces, there is likely very low risk of spread from food products or packaging.|1
No matter where you go online these days, there’s bound to be discussion of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19). Some folks are even making outrageous claims that the new coronavirus causing the pandemic was engineered in a lab and deliberately released to make people sick. A new study debunks such claims by providing scientific evidence that this novel coronavirus arose naturally.The reassuring findings are the result of genomic analyses conducted by an international research team, partly supported by NIH. In their study in the journal Nature Medicine, Kristian Andersen, Scripps Research Institute, La Jolla, CA; Robert Garry, Tulane University School of Medicine, New Orleans; and their colleagues used sophisticated bioinformatic tools to compare publicly available genomic data from several coronaviruses, including the new one that causes COVID-19.The researchers began by homing in on the parts of the coronavirus genomes that encode the spike proteins that give this family of viruses their distinctive crown-like appearance. (By the way, “corona” is Latin for “crown.”) All coronaviruses rely on spike proteins to infect other cells. But, over time, each coronavirus has fashioned these proteins a little differently, and the evolutionary clues about these modifications are spelled out in their genomes.The genomic data of the new coronavirus responsible for COVID-19 show that its spike protein contains some unique adaptations. One of these adaptations provides special ability of this coronavirus to bind to a specific protein on human cells called angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE2). A related coronavirus that causes severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) in humans also seeks out ACE2.Existing computer models predicted that the new coronavirus would not bind to ACE2 as well as the SARS virus. However, to their surprise, the researchers found that the spike protein of the new coronavirus actually bound far better than computer predictions, likely because of natural selection on ACE2 that enabled the virus to take advantage of a previously unidentified alternate binding site. Researchers said this provides strong evidence that that new virus was not the product of purposeful manipulation in a lab. In fact, any bioengineer trying to design a coronavirus that threatened human health probably would never have chosen this particular conformation for a spike protein.The researchers went on to analyze genomic data related to the overall molecular structure, or backbone, of the new coronavirus. Their analysis showed that the backbone of the new coronavirus’s genome most closely resembles that of a bat coronavirus discovered after the COVID-19 pandemic began. However, the region that binds ACE2 resembles a novel virus found in pangolins, a strange-looking animal sometimes called a scaly anteater. This provides additional evidence that the coronavirus that causes COVID-19 almost certainly originated in nature. If the new coronavirus had been manufactured in a lab, scientists most likely would have used the backbones of coronaviruses already known to cause serious diseases in humans.So, what is the natural origin of the novel coronavirus responsible for the COVID-19 pandemic? The researchers don’t yet have a precise answer. But they do offer two possible scenarios.In the first scenario, as the new coronavirus evolved in its natural hosts, possibly bats or pangolins, its spike proteins mutated to bind to molecules similar in structure to the human ACE2 protein, thereby enabling it to infect human cells. This scenario seems to fit other recent outbreaks of coronavirus-caused disease in humans, such as SARS, which arose from cat-like civets; and Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS), which arose from camels.The second scenario is that the new coronavirus crossed from animals into humans before it became capable of causing human disease. Then, as a result of gradual evolutionary changes over years or perhaps decades, the virus eventually gained the ability to spread from human-to-human and cause serious, often life-threatening disease.Either way, this study leaves little room to refute a natural origin for COVID-19. And that’s a good thing because it helps us keep focused on what really matters: observing good hygiene, practicing social distancing, and supporting the efforts of all the dedicated health-care professionals and researchers who are working so hard to address this major public health challenge.Finally, next time you come across something about COVID-19 online that disturbs or puzzles you, I suggest going to FEMA’s new Coronavirus Rumor Control web site. It may not have all the answers to your questions, but it’s definitely a step in the right direction in helping to distinguish rumors from facts.|1
Dr. Didier Raoult, the famous French infectious disease specialist, creator and director of the Mediterranean University-Clinical Institute of Infectious Diseases, used chloroquine for treatment.The results of Dr. Raoult and his institute were outstanding: by the end of March, only 10 of the 2,400 people who received treatment at his institute had died.For 80 years, chloroquine has been a cheap, common, safe generic. And only when it turned out that the medicine was priced at 4 cents, it was established that it couldn’t cure COVID-19 because it would potentially be too cheap and accessible.Another promising drug was remdesivir, an Ebola drug developed by Gilead Sciences. And what? On April 23rd, WHO “accidentally” posted on its website test results that showed that remdesivir was no good.|0
The coronavirus is thought to spread mainly from person to person. This can happen between people who are in close contact with one another. Droplets that are produced when an infected person coughs or sneezes may land in the mouths or noses of people who are nearby, or possibly be inhaled into their lungs.A person infected with coronavirus — even one with no symptoms — may emit aerosols when they talk or breathe. Aerosols are infectious viral particles that can float or drift around in the air for up to three hours. Another person can breathe in these aerosols and become infected with the coronavirus. This is why everyone should cover their nose and mouth when they go out in public.Coronavirus can also spread from contact with infected surfaces or objects. For example, a person can get COVID-19 by touching a surface or object that has the virus on it and then touching their own mouth, nose, or possibly their eyes.The virus may be shed in saliva, semen, and feces; whether it is shed in vaginal fluids isn't known. Kissing can transmit the virus. Transmission of the virus through feces, or during vaginal or anal intercourse or oral sex, appears to be extremely unlikely at this time.|1
On May 15-16th, as part of the True Legends “Ancient Cataclysms and Coming Catastrophes” online conference organized by Steve Quayle at GenSix.com, I will be presenting a nearly three-hour talk entitled, “The Depopulation Trifecta: Coronavirus, vaccines and 5G.”The two-day streaming event also features Bob Griswold, Derek Gilbert, Celeste Solum, L.A. Marzulli and many other gifted presenters and thought leaders.The series focuses on dire catastrophes that humanity may be facing right now or in the near future.My own talk focuses on what I call the “trifecta” of assaults against humanity: The coronavirus, vaccines and 5G. These are indicative of biological weapons, chemical weapons and electromagnetic weapons, all formed and deployed against humanity in order to achieve the global depopulation that people like Bill Gates so desperately seek to achieve.Here’s an overview of the sections of my talk:The beliefs of the globalists: What they are trying to achieve through depopulation. (Hint: Planet Earth is being prepared for a post-human era.).How we are already in a biological war launched by globalists to destroy human freedom and exterminate most of the human population. The coronavirus attack wave is just the first of many to come.The three weapons of extermination: Bioweapons, vaccines and 5G – How they synergistically function to both enslave and exterminate the human race through electromagnetic weapons, chemical weapons and biological weapons, all without resorting to nuclear weapons that would pollute the planet for all life forms.The three layers of collapse: Debt (finance), Health and Cognition – how the collapse is being engineered at these three levels to attack the body, the mind and the spirit.How the information war against humanity is being waged with censorship of natural cures, independent journalism and pro-human information, where online information gatekeepers are actively pursuing an anti-human, anti-life agenda that ends with the mass extermination of most humans living today.Also in the presentation:How to survive the culling of the human race:Nutritional strategies to protect yourself from 5G exposure (and save your brain).Strategic relocation to evade the high population density targets such as US cities. How to make yourself resilient against the planned, engineered food supply collapse.How to preserve your wealth and assets to survive a global debt reset. How to protect your health from the multiple waves of bioweapons that will be released.Which hard assets to acquire that will be the most resilient against global geopolitical collapse.How globalists will seize control over the internet and block all traffic to sites they don’t want you to read.The “Fourth Turning” revolution that’s coming to the world as middle class workers grow tired of being looted by the elite.Streaming access is available at GenSix.com. A DVD set will is also available for pre-order. I am not compensated in any way for sales of streaming or DVDs, or anything else. I’m participating in this event out of respect for Steve Quayle’s mission to try to awaken humanity before it’s too late for us all.Spread the word. This is going to be a must-see event to understand what we all face in the months ahead. Humanity has been targeted for termination, and most people have no clue what’s coming.|0
Cough or sneeze into your elbow or use a tissue. If you use a tissue, dispose of it carefully after a single use. Wash your hands with soap and water for at least 20 seconds.Stay one metre or more away from people to reduce the risk of spreading the virus through respiratory droplets.If you feel unwell, stay at home. If you develop any symptoms suggestive of COVID-19, you should immediately call your healthcare provider for advice.|1
those who received the influenza vaccine are either more likely to test positive for the virus or to become sick with it. children who received the trivalent (three-strain) flu vaccine that year had a higher incidence rate of coronavirus. FYI if you got the flu shot you will likely test positive for corona, Remember ... they doubled the flu shot dose this year and even pushed it at the Golden Globes," the post said. "... The quadrivalent FLU SHOT for the 2019-2020 season has a 'trivalent' strain of CORONAVIRUS **IN IT**.coronavirus outbreaks in China and Italy were due to increased vaccination. Vaccine derived virus interference was significantly associated with coronavirus," the study states|0
The hysterical overreaction to the coronavirus has driven our own government to virtually shut down the entire country along with its economy. While we must be diligent to do what we can, by washing our hands, not going to work when we’re sick, and taking special precautions for senior citizens with health problems, there is no need, speaking only for myself, to shut down the entire United States to deal with it. While the search for a vaccine continues, the good news is that a silver bullet may have been found, a cheap generic medication that was developed decades ago (in 1944) to deal with malaria. The drug is Chloroquine phosphate, an old-fashioned anti-malarial drug, which has proven effective against Coronavirus in China and South Korea. Says ABC, “Laboratory studies show chloroquine is effective at preventing as well as treating the virus that causes severe acute respiratory syndrome, or SARS, a close cousin of COVID-19.” There are no less than three studies that demonstrate the effectiveness of chloroquine against the coronavirus. One is a study conducted by James M. Todaro and Gregory J. Rigano, in association with Stanford University School of Medicine and National Academy of Sciences Researchers. Here’s what the summary of their study says (emphasis mine): Recent guidelines from South Korea and China report that chloroquine is an effective antiviral therapeutic treatment against Coronavirus Disease 2019.  Use of chloroquine (tablets) is showing favorable outcomes in humans infected with Coronavirus including faster time to recovery and shorter hospital stay.  US CDC research shows that chloroquine also has strong potential as a prophylactic (preventative) measure against coronavirus in the lab, while we wait for a vaccine to be developed.  Chloroquine is an inexpensive, globally available drug that has been in widespread human use since 1945 against malaria, autoimmune and various other conditions. The study concludes this way: Chloroquine can both prevent and treat malaria.  Chloroquine can both prevent and treat coronavirus in primate cells.  According to South Korean and China human treatment guidelines, chloroquine is effective in treating COVID-19.  Given chloroquine’s human safety profile and existence, it can be implemented today in the U.S., Europe and the rest of the world.  Medical doctors may be reluctant to prescribe chloroquine to treat COVID-19 since it is not FDA approved for this use.  The United States of America and other countries should immediately authorize and indemnify medical doctors for prescribing chloroquine to treat COVID-19.  We must explore whether chloroquine can safely serve as a preventative measure prior to infection of COVID-19 to stop further spread of this highly contagious virus. Chloroquine can be prescribed to adults and children of all ages. It can also be safely taken by pregnant women and nursing mothers. The fact that it can be prescribed for patients of all ages means our priority should be to make this available as soon as humanly possible to senior citizens who are the most vulnerable demographic. Here is the abstract from a study conducted in China:The coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) virus is spreading rapidly, and scientists are endeavoring to discover drugs for its efficacious treatment in China. Chloroquine phosphate, an old drug for treatment of malaria, is shown to have apparent efficacy and acceptable safety against COVID-19 associated pneumonia in multicenter clinical trials conducted in China. The drug is recommended to be included in the next version of the Guidelines for the Prevention, Diagnosis, and Treatment of Pneumonia Caused by COVID-19 issued by the National Health Commission of the People’s Republic of China for treatment of COVID-19 infection in larger populations in the future. And here is an abstract from a study reported in the journal Nature. It’s titled ‘Remdesivir and chloroquine effectively inhibit the recently emerged novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) in vitro.’Chloroquine, a widely-used anti-malarial and autoimmune disease drug, has recently been reported as a potential broad-spectrum antiviral drug. Chloroquine is known to block virus infection by increasing endosomal pH required for virus/cell fusion, as well as interfering with the glycosylation of cellular receptors of SARS-CoV. Our time-of-addition assay demonstrated that chloroquine functioned at both entry, and at post-entry stages of the 2019-nCoV infection in Vero E6 cells... Chloroquine is widely distributed in the whole body, including lung, after oral administration...Chloroquine is a cheap and a safe drug that has been used for more than 70 years and, therefore, it is potentially clinically applicable against the 2019-nCoV.Well, if the problem is FDA approval for this use, Trump can direct the FDA to accelerate the approval process and get this thing in circulation. And the beauty here is that the drug could be prescribed today, right now. No need to wait. Trump should persuade Congress to immediately authorize doctors to prescribe it, and indemnify them against any lawsuits. Because chloroquine is a generic drug, no pharmaceutical companies will have any interest in producing it since they can’t make any money off it. They’ll want to convince us all that the only solution is a vaccine, which hasn’t even been approved yet. By the time we wait for all that to happen, there may be many lives lost and no economy left to save. The UK has actually banned the export of chloroquine, likely because they know it works and they want to have existing supplies in reserve for their own citizens. Britain first and all that. Medical professionals in both China and South Korea have developed effective treatment measures using chloroquine for patients with COVID-19, so there’s no need to reinvent the wheel. The drug works. “Studies showed ‘certain curative effect’ with ‘fairly good efficacy’ … patients treated with chloroquine demonstrated a better drop in fever, improvement of lung CT images, and required a shorter time to recover” than untreated patients. So it can actually cure people who have coronavirus, end their fevers, and shorten their time in hospital. This can keep our health system from getting overloaded and collapsing under its own weight. If the drug is preventative as well as curative, you would expect to find the countries that have malaria, and therefore have used chloroquine for decades, would have lower rates of Coronavirus if this theory is correct. Dr. Roy Spencer plotted the data for 234 countries, comparing total cases of COVID-19 to the incidence of malaria. He was astonished at what he found. In the top 40 malaria countries, with an average of 212 cases of malaria per thousand, the rate of COVID-19 is 0.2 cases per thousand. In the 153 countries with no malaria, the rate is 68.7 cases of Coronavirus per thousand. When Dr. Spencer mapped all this out, the conclusion was unambiguous: “COVID-19 is where malaria is not.” Said Dr. Spencer, “In all my years of data analysis I have never seen such a stark and strong relationship: Countries with malaria basically have no COVID-19 cases.” This is where Congress could actually do something intelligent by taking some of the billions and billions and billions of dollars they are mindlessly throwing at this problem and targeting it to fund mass production of this medicine. Nobody will mind if they provide a profit margin to Big Pharma in the process if it will save countless lives and pull our economy back from the abyss while we wait for the vaccine. Since chloroquine can not only prevent the disease but cure it, we can begin to see immediate effects. We can get past this irrational, out-of-control, economy-destroying hysteria, save lives, and get the American economy back on its feet and humming in weeks, not months. There is no time to lose. President Trump, over to you.|0
The coronavirus is spread from one infected person to another through droplets that people sneeze, cough or exhale, and is not carried by any particular population or group. If you read that the virus is purposefully being spread by migrants or specific ethnic groups, be assured that there is no scientific basis to such claims. In fact, COVID-19 is a global crisis that requires global solidarity.|1
Belgium Health Minister Maggie de Block has put a ban on all non-essential sexual activities of persons 3 or greater in indoor areas.Health Minister de Block announced today that, effective immediately, “non-essential” sexual activities of 3 people or more are banned in Belgium to combat the spread of COVID-19.De Block said she was forced to act swiftly because of Belgium’s reputation as being the “beer-drinking” and “group sex capital of Europe.”“Belgium is the beer-drinking and group sex capital of Europe, if not the world. We, as a nation, must address this situation,” De Block announced in Parliament.“Wife swapping, threesomes, and orgies of six, fifty, one hundred or more are not permitted until the outbreak settles down,” she announced in Parliament.Health minister De Block did not ban single or two-person sexual practices such as masturbation, anal or oral sex, or even bestiality.These measures apply only to human-to-human sexual contact, not human-to-animal contact,” she added when questioned about bestiality by reporters.A 2018 survey revealed that more than 78% of Belgian couples openly practice wife swapping, a cultural trait that became common practice in the 19th century under the rule of King Leopold II.|0
If you have a fever, cough or other symptoms, you might have COVID-19. Most people have mild illness and are able to recover at home. If you think you may have been exposed to COVID-19, contact your healthcare provider immediately.Keep track of your symptoms.If you have an emergency warning sign (including trouble breathing), get medical attention right away.Steps to help prevent the spread of COVID-19 if you are sick.Follow the steps below:  If you are sick with COVID-19 or think you might have COVID-19, follow the steps below to care for yourself and to help protect other people in your home and community.house user icon.Stay home except to get medical care.Stay home. Most people with COVID-19 have mild illness and can recover at home without medical care. Do not leave your home, except to get medical care. Do not visit public areas.Take care of yourself. Get rest and stay hydrated. Take over-the-counter medicines, such as acetaminophen, to help you feel better.Stay in touch with your doctor. Call before you get medical care. Be sure to get care if you have trouble breathing, or have any other emergency warning signs, or if you think it is an emergency.Avoid public transportation, ride-sharing, or taxis.bed icon.Separate yourself from other people.As much as possible, stay in a specific room and away from other people and pets in your home. If possible, you should use a separate bathroom. If you need to be around other people or animals in or outside of the home, wear a cloth face covering.Additional guidance is available for those living in close quarters and shared housing.See COVID-19 and Animals if you have questions about pets.temperature high icon.Monitor your symptoms.Symptoms of COVID-19 include fever, cough, and shortness of breath but other symptoms may be present as well. Trouble breathing is a more serious symptom that means you should get medical attention.Follow care instructions from your healthcare provider and local health department. Your local health authorities may give instructions on checking your symptoms and reporting information.When to Seek Emergency Medical Attention.Look for emergency warning signs for COVID-19. If someone is showing any of these signs, seek emergency medical care immediately.Trouble breathing.Persistent pain or pressure in the chest.New confusion.Inability to wake or stay awake.Bluish lips or face. This list is not all possible symptoms. Please call your medical provider for any other symptoms that are severe or concerning to you.Call 911 or call ahead to your local emergency facility: Notify the operator that you are seeking care for someone who has or may have COVID-19.mobile icon.Call ahead before visiting your doctor.Call ahead. Many medical visits for routine care are being postponed or done by phone or telemedicine.If you have a medical appointment that cannot be postponed, call your doctor’s office, and tell them you have or may have COVID-19. This will help the office protect themselves and other patients.head side mask icon.If you are sick wear a cloth covering over your nose and mouth.You should wear a cloth face covering, over your nose and mouth if you must be around other people or animals, including pets (even at home).You don’t need to wear the cloth face covering if you are alone. If you can’t put on a cloth face covering (because of trouble breathing, for example), cover your coughs and sneezes in some other way. Try to stay at least 6 feet away from other people. This will help protect the people around you.Cloth face coverings should not be placed on young children under age 2 years, anyone who has trouble breathing, or anyone who is not able to remove the covering without help.Note: During the COVID-19 pandemic, medical grade facemasks are reserved for healthcare workers and some first responders. You may need to make a cloth face covering using a scarf or bandana.box tissue icon.Cover your coughs and sneezes.Cover your mouth and nose with a tissue when you cough or sneeze.Throw away used tissues in a lined trash can.Immediately wash your hands with soap and water for at least 20 seconds. If soap and water are not available, clean your hands with an alcohol-based hand sanitizer that contains at least 60% alcohol.hands wash icon.Clean your hands often.Wash your hands often with soap and water for at least 20 seconds. This is especially important after blowing your nose, coughing, or sneezing; going to the bathroom; and before eating or preparing food.Use hand sanitizer if soap and water are not available. Use an alcohol-based hand sanitizer with at least 60% alcohol, covering all surfaces of your hands and rubbing them together until they feel dry.Soap and water are the best option, especially if hands are visibly dirty.Avoid touching your eyes, nose, and mouth with unwashed hands.Handwashing Tips.no icon.Avoid sharing personal household items.Do not share dishes, drinking glasses, cups, eating utensils, towels, or bedding with other people in your home.Wash these items thoroughly after using them with soap and water or put in the dishwasher.cleaning icon.Clean all “high-touch” surfaces everyday.Clean and disinfect high-touch surfaces in your “sick room” and bathroom; wear disposable gloves. Let someone else clean and disinfect surfaces in common areas, but you should clean your bedroom and bathroom, if possible.If a caregiver or other person needs to clean and disinfect a sick person’s bedroom or bathroom, they should do so on an as-needed basis. The caregiver/other person should wear a mask and disposable gloves prior to cleaning. They should wait as long as possible after the person who is sick has used the bathroom before coming in to clean and use the bathroom.High-touch surfaces include phones, remote controls, counters, tabletops, doorknobs, bathroom fixtures, toilets, keyboards, tablets, and bedside tables.Clean and disinfect areas that may have blood, stool, or body fluids on them.Use household cleaners and disinfectants. Clean the area or item with soap and water or another detergent if it is dirty. Then, use a household disinfectant.Be sure to follow the instructions on the label to ensure safe and effective use of the product. Many products recommend keeping the surface wet for several minutes to ensure germs are killed. Many also recommend precautions such as wearing gloves and making sure you have good ventilation during use of the product.Most EPA-registered household disinfectants should be effective. A full list of disinfectants can be found hereexternal icon.Complete Disinfection Guidance. house leave icon. How to discontinue home isolation.People with COVID-19 who have stayed home (home isolated) can leave home under the following conditions.If you have not had a test to determine if you are still contagious, you can leave home after these three things have happened: You have had no fever for at least 72 hours (that is three full days of no fever without the use of medicine that reduces fevers) AND other symptoms have improved (for example, when your cough or shortness of breath have improved) AND at least 10 days have passed since your symptoms first appeared. If you have had a test to determine if you are still contagious, you can leave home after these three things have happened: You no longer have a fever (without the use of medicine that reduces fevers) AND other symptoms have improved (for example, when your cough or shortness of breath have improved) AND you received two negative tests in a row, at least 24 hours apart. Your doctor will follow CDC guidelines.People who DID NOT have COVID-19 symptoms, but tested positive and have stayed home (home isolated) can leave home under the following conditions.If you have not had a test to determine if you are still contagious, you can leave home after these two things have happened:At least 10 days have passed since the date of your first positive test. AND you continue to have no symptoms (no cough or shortness of breath) since the test.If you have had a test to determine if you are still contagious, you can leave home after:You received two negative tests in a row, at least 24 hours apart. Your doctor will follow CDC guidelines.Note: if you develop symptoms, follow guidance above for people with COVID19 symptoms.In all cases, follow the guidance of your doctor and local health department. The decision to stop home isolation should be made in consultation with your healthcare provider and state and local health departments. Some people, for example those with conditions that weaken their immune system, might continue to shed virus even after they recover.Find more information on when to end home isolation.|1
Most of the people who catch COVID-19 can recover and eliminate the virus from their bodies. If you catch the disease, make sure you treat your symptoms. If you have cough, fever, and difficulty breathing, seek medical care early – but call your health facility by telephone first. Most patients recover thanks to supportive care.|1
Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern told New Zealanders on Wednesday to behave as if they had the coronavirus and cut all physical contact outside their household when the country heads into a one-month lockdown at midnight.Ardern declared a national state of emergency as the number of cases of COVID-19, the disease associated with the coronavirus, surged by a record 50 cases to take the national tally to 205.The government has imposed self-isolation for everyone , with all non-essential services, schools and offices to be shut for a month from midnight (1100 GMT).“From midnight tonight, we bunker down for four weeks to try and stop the virus in its tracks, to break the chain,” Ardern told parliament.“Make no mistake this will get worse before it gets better. We will have a lag and cases will increase for the next week or so. Then we’ll begin to know how successful we have been.”Ardern told parliament the lockdown was triggered by early evidence of community transmission of COVID-19, the disease caused by the coronavirus.At a news conference later in the day Ardern said modeling suggested New Zealand could have several thousands cases of COVID-19 before the numbers start coming down.“If you have any questions about what you can or can’t do, apply a simple principle: Act like you have COVID-19,” Ardern said.“Every move you then make is a risk to someone else. That is how we must all collectively think. That’s why the joy of physically visiting other family, children, grandchildren, friends, neighbors is on hold. Because we’re all now putting each other first. And that is what we as a nation do so well.”New Zealand, with about 5 million people, has fewer infections than many other countries, but Ardern’s government wants to move fast to halt the spread. It was one of the first to force all arriving travelers into self-isolation and to ban large gatherings.All non-essential services, bars, restaurants, cafes, gyms, cinemas, pools, museums, libraries, playgrounds and any other place where the public congregate will be closed during the lockdown.Supermarkets, doctors, pharmacies, service stations and access to essential banking services will all be available.Major cities like Auckland and Wellington wore a deserted look on Wednesday as businesses shut down, cafes closed and all offices locked their doors.The disruptions are expected to have a deep impact on businesses and lead to thousands of job losses. Some firms have already announced job cuts.The government has announced billions of dollars in support for small businesses, workers and families, and promised more in the coming days.On Wednesday, it announced a six month freeze on residential rent increases and increased protection from having tenancies terminated.Ardern said it was ok to go for a walk with your children, a run near your house, or drive to get groceries during the lockdown. But everyone had to keep 2 meters (6 feet) distance, and people may be stopped and questioned by the police.This is only the second time in New Zealand’s history that a national emergency has been declared, with the first one on 23 February 2011, after a 6.3 magnitude earthquake struck the South Island city of Christchurch, killing almost 200.Cases in neighboring Australia have soared past 2,250 and officials have warned infections could overwhelm medical services.India’s 1.3 billion population also went into complete lockdown for 21 days to protect the world’s second most populous country from coronavirus.|1
Speculation about the emergence of the new coronavirus is spreading almost as quickly as the pandemic. Scientists believe some pathways are more probable than others. As the Covid-19 pandemic has infected its way through human populations around the globe, it has been followed by a web of speculation about where the new coronavirus actually came from.Some possibilities are scientific hypotheses based on genetic data while others borrow from dark conspiracy theories with little or no basis in fact.Laboratory researchers have established solid genetic links between the new coronavirus, known as Sars-CoV-2, and one found in a horseshoe bat in southeastern China.Further genetic detective work – and what is known about the evolution of past coronaviruses that have infected people – indicates the pathogen may have passed through another animal species first. There, scientists believe, it mutated or combined with another virus before finding its way into a human body, latching onto cells and spreading.But science has not stopped other theories from percolating. One theory – debunked last month by a genetic analysis by a group of the world’s top epidemiologists – is that the virus was bioengineered in a laboratory in Wuhan, the pandemic’s first epicentre.The latest theory, laid out in a recent article by The Washington Post, has another spin on this: the virus source could have been a researcher infected by a bat, or the sloppy disposal of hazardous materials at a Wuhan Centre for Disease Control facility near the wet market linked to many early cases in the outbreak.Scientists are quick to acknowledge that when so little is known about the evolution of the new virus there are endless possibilities for its origins. But, they say, groundless speculation is no help, and point to the role played by probability in the emergence of new diseases. What we do know about the coronavirus family points to other, more likely, paths of transmission to humans.“These accident theories – and the lab-made theories before them – reflect a lack of understanding of the genetic make-up of Sars-CoV-2 and its relationship to the bat virus,” said Vincent Racaniello, a professor of microbiology and immunology at Columbia University in“If someone had that virus in the lab, and say it escaped, it would not have been able to infect humans – the human Sars-CoV-2 has additional changes that allows it to infect humans,” he said, adding that the bat virus would have had to circulate, and evolve, for a number of years before mutating enough to be able to infect people. The bat virus in question was discovered by a group of researchers that included scientists from the Wuhan Institute of Virology, a leading institute which collaborates regularly with its counterparts around the world. Recent analysis by the Wuhan researchers found a 96 per cent similarity between the bat virus and the overall genome of Sars-CoV-2.But the new coronavirus has adaptations to its spike protein – the part of the virus that binds to human cells – never before seen in closely related bat coronaviruses. That was the conclusion of another group of scientists who carried out a comprehensive genetic analysis of how Sars-CoV-2 compared with known viral sequences and submitted their findings last month to the journal ﻿Nature Medicine.Their paper addressed the possibility of “an inadvertent laboratory release” of the virus, but gave several reasons why this was not the best explanation for how the deadly pathogen evolved its unique adaptations and entered the human population.One reason they gave was that it would have meant researchers had access to a coronavirus that was more like the one that causes Covid-19 than any other they had seen before. The scientific community was not aware of any such virus, the paper said. Meanwhile, scientists stress that conditions in nature – and the many ways humans come into contact with wildlife – already provide a wide range of likely scenarios and pathways for how the virus first jumped to humans.“In a world where Sars-like viruses are common in bats and other animals, and bats are allowed to roost wherever they like, why do we need to invent a laboratory and some sloppy human scientists to make the virus go from a bat to a human?” asked Benjamin Neuman, professor of biological sciences at Texas A&M University-Texarkana.Experts say the conditions in wet markets increase the chances of a virus jumping from animals to humans.Experts say the conditions in wet markets increase the chances of a virus jumping from animals to humans.Experts say the conditions in wet markets increase the chances of a virus jumping from animals to humans.As the Covid-19 pandemic has infected its way through human populations around the globe, it has been followed by a web of speculation about where the new coronavirus actually came from.Some possibilities are scientific hypotheses based on genetic data while others borrow from dark conspiracy theories with little or no basis in fact.Laboratory researchers have established solid genetic links between the new coronavirus, known as Sars-CoV-2, and one found in a horseshoe bat in southeastern China.Further genetic detective work – and what is known about the evolution of past coronaviruses that have infected people – indicates the pathogen may have passed through another animal species first. There, scientists believe, it mutated or combined with another virus before finding its way into a human body, latching onto cells and spreading. Coronavirus: March 2020, the month Covid-19 changed the worldBut science has not stopped other theories from percolating. One theory – debunked last month by a genetic analysis by a group of the world’s top epidemiologists – is that the virus was bioengineered in a laboratory in Wuhan, the pandemic’s first epicentre.The latest theory, laid out in a recent article by The Washington Post, has another spin on this: the virus source could have been a researcher infected by a bat, or the sloppy disposal of hazardous materials at a Wuhan Centre for Disease Control facility near the wet market linked to many early cases in the outbreak.Scientists are quick to acknowledge that when so little is known about the evolution of the new virus there are endless possibilities for its origins. But, they say, groundless speculation is no help, and point to the role played by probability in the emergence of new diseases. What we do know about the coronavirus family points to other, more likely, paths of transmission to humans.CORONAVIRUS UPDATEGet updates direct to your inboxEmailSUBSCRIBEBy registering, you agree to our T&C and Privacy Policy“These accident theories – and the lab-made theories before them – reflect a lack of understanding of the genetic make-up of Sars-CoV-2 and its relationship to the bat virus,” said Vincent Racaniello, a professor of microbiology and immunology at Columbia University in New York.“If someone had that virus in the lab, and say it escaped, it would not have been able to infect humans – the human Sars-CoV-2 has additional changes that allows it to infect humans,” he said, adding that the bat virus would have had to circulate, and evolve, for a number of years before mutating enough to be able to infect people.One virus caused Covid-19; scientists say thousands more are in waiting7 Apr 2020The bat virus in question was discovered by a group of researchers that included scientists from the Wuhan Institute of Virology, a leading institute which collaborates regularly with its counterparts around the world. Recent analysis by the Wuhan researchers found a 96 per cent similarity between the bat virus and the overall genome of Sars-CoV-2.But the new coronavirus has adaptations to its spike protein – the part of the virus that binds to human cells – never before seen in closely related bat coronaviruses.That was the conclusion of another group of scientists who carried out a comprehensive genetic analysis of how Sars-CoV-2 compared with known viral sequences and submitted their findings last month to the journal ﻿Nature Medicine.Their paper addressed the possibility of “an inadvertent laboratory release” of the virus, but gave several reasons why this was not the best explanation for how the deadly pathogen evolved its unique adaptations and entered the human population.Corona conspiracies: politicians rush in where scientists fear to tread14 Mar 2020One reason they gave was that it would have meant researchers had access to a coronavirus that was more like the one that causes Covid-19 than any other they had seen before. The scientific community was not aware of any such virus, the paper said.Meanwhile, scientists stress that conditions in nature – and the many ways humans come into contact with wildlife – already provide a wide range of likely scenarios and pathways for how the virus first jumped to humans.“In a world where Sars-like viruses are common in bats and other animals, and bats are allowed to roost wherever they like, why do we need to invent a laboratory and some sloppy human scientists to make the virus go from a bat to a human?” asked Benjamin Neuman, professor of biological sciences at Texas A&M University-Texarkana.The wildlife trade – and the associated wet markets where live animals and their meat are sold – has been pointed to as a likely platform for the emergence of Sars-CoV-2. This was the case in the Sars outbreak, caused by a coronavirus in 2003, where a bat virus is thought to have infected a civet cat, which in turn infected humans at a wet market.“Live wild animal markets, such as the huge ‘wet’ markets in China, are ideal places for zoonotic virus emergence to occur,” Andrew Cunningham, deputy director of science at the Zoological Society of London said, pointing to the high number of animals from different species being kept closely together in “overcrowded and unhygienic conditions”.While the wildlife trade creates interaction between humans and animals, it also provides an opportunity for viruses to move through populations of animals, mutating as it transmits through that population, or for a virus to recombine in species unnaturally brought into contact with one another.A virus jumping from an animal and then being able to infect humans and spread is a rare event. The proximity of a number of animals who can pass viruses between each other and come in regular contact with people can increase the chances of a virus emerging which is able to spread to humans, experts say.Experts say the conditions in wet markets increase the chances of a virus jumping from animals to humans. Photo: Simon SongExperts say the conditions in wet markets increase the chances of a virus jumping from animals to humans. Photo: Simon SongExperts say the conditions in wet markets increase the chances of a virus jumping from animals to humans. Photo: Simon SongAs the Covid-19 pandemic has infected its way through human populations around the globe, it has been followed by a web of speculation about where the new coronavirus actually came from.Some possibilities are scientific hypotheses based on genetic data while others borrow from dark conspiracy theories with little or no basis in fact.Laboratory researchers have established solid genetic links between the new coronavirus, known as Sars-CoV-2, and one found in a horseshoe bat in southeastern China.Further genetic detective work – and what is known about the evolution of past coronaviruses that have infected people – indicates the pathogen may have passed through another animal species first. There, scientists believe, it mutated or combined with another virus before finding its way into a human body, latching onto cells and spreading.Coronavirus: March 2020, the month Covid-19 changed the worldBut science has not stopped other theories from percolating. One theory – debunked last month by a genetic analysis by a group of the world’s top epidemiologists – is that the virus was bioengineered in a laboratory in Wuhan, the pandemic’s first epicentre.The latest theory, laid out in a recent article by The Washington Post, has another spin on this: the virus source could have been a researcher infected by a bat, or the sloppy disposal of hazardous materials at a Wuhan Centre for Disease Control facility near the wet market linked to many early cases in the outbreak.Scientists are quick to acknowledge that when so little is known about the evolution of the new virus there are endless possibilities for its origins. But, they say, groundless speculation is no help, and point to the role played by probability in the emergence of new diseases. What we do know about the coronavirus family points to other, more likely, paths of transmission to humans.CORONAVIRUS UPDATEGet updates direct to your inboxEmailSUBSCRIBEBy registering, you agree to our T&C and Privacy Policy“These accident theories – and the lab-made theories before them – reflect a lack of understanding of the genetic make-up of Sars-CoV-2 and its relationship to the bat virus,” said Vincent Racaniello, a professor of microbiology and immunology at Columbia University in New York.“If someone had that virus in the lab, and say it escaped, it would not have been able to infect humans – the human Sars-CoV-2 has additional changes that allows it to infect humans,” he said, adding that the bat virus would have had to circulate, and evolve, for a number of years before mutating enough to be able to infect people.One virus caused Covid-19; scientists say thousands more are in waiting7 Apr 2020The bat virus in question was discovered by a group of researchers that included scientists from the Wuhan Institute of Virology, a leading institute which collaborates regularly with its counterparts around the world. Recent analysis by the Wuhan researchers found a 96 per cent similarity between the bat virus and the overall genome of Sars-CoV-2.But the new coronavirus has adaptations to its spike protein – the part of the virus that binds to human cells – never before seen in closely related bat coronaviruses.That was the conclusion of another group of scientists who carried out a comprehensive genetic analysis of how Sars-CoV-2 compared with known viral sequences and submitted their findings last month to the journal ﻿Nature Medicine.Their paper addressed the possibility of “an inadvertent laboratory release” of the virus, but gave several reasons why this was not the best explanation for how the deadly pathogen evolved its unique adaptations and entered the human population.Corona conspiracies: politicians rush in where scientists fear to tread14 Mar 2020One reason they gave was that it would have meant researchers had access to a coronavirus that was more like the one that causes Covid-19 than any other they had seen before. The scientific community was not aware of any such virus, the paper said.Meanwhile, scientists stress that conditions in nature – and the many ways humans come into contact with wildlife – already provide a wide range of likely scena said.While the outbreak of Covid-19 was centred around a wet market in Wuhan, several early patients did not have known links to that market, according to reseach biology and immunology at Columbia University in New York.“If someone had that virus in the lab, and say it escaped, it would not have been able to infect humans – the human Sars-CoV-2 has additional changes that allows it to infect humans,” he said, adding that the bat virus would have had to circulate, and evolve, for a number of years before mutating enough to be able to infect people.One virus caused Covid-19; scientists say thousands more are in waiting. 7 Apr 2020. The bat virus in question was discovered by a group of researchers that included scientists from the Wuhan Institute of Virology, a leading institute which collaborates regularly with its counterparts around the world. Recent analysis by the Wuhan researchers found a 96 per cent similarity between the bat virus and the overall genome of Sars-CoV-2.But the new coronavirus has adaptations to its spike protein – the part of the virus that binds to human cells – never before seen in closely related bat coronaviruses.That was the conclusion of another group of scientists who carried out a comprehensive genetic analysis of how Sars-CoV-2 compared with known viral sequences and submitted their findings last month to the journal ﻿Nature Medicine.Their paper addressed the possibility of “an inadvertent laboratory release” of the virus, but gave several reasons why this was not the best explanation for how the deadly pathogen evolved its unique adaptations and entered the human population.Corona conspiracies: politicians rush in where scientists fear to tread. 14 Mar 2020.One reason they gave was that it would have meant researchers had access to a coronavirus that was more like the one that causes Covid-19 than any other they had seen before. The scientific community was not aware of any such virus, the paper said.Meanwhile, scientists stress that conditions in nature – and the many ways humans come into contact with wildlife – already provide a wide range of likely scenarios and pathways for how the virus first jumped to humans.“In a world where Sars-like viruses are common in bats and other animals, and bats are allowed to roost wherever they like, why do we need to invent a laboratory and some sloppy human scientists to make the virus go from a bat to a human?” asked Benjamin Neuman, professor of biological sciences at Texas A&M University-Texarkana.The wildlife trade – and the associated wet markets where live animals and their meat are sold – has been pointed to as a likely platform for the emergence of Sars-CoV-2. This was the case in the Sars outbreak, caused by a coronavirus in 2003, where a bat virus is thought to have infected a civet cat, which in turn infected humans at a wet market.“Live wild animal markets, such as the huge ‘wet’ markets in China, are ideal places for zoonotic virus emergence to occur,” Andrew Cunningham, deputy director of science at the Zoological Society of London said, pointing to the high number of animals from different species being kept closely together in “overcrowded and unhygienic conditions”.While the wildlife trade creates interaction between humans and animals, it also provides an opportunity for viruses to move through populations of animals, mutating as it transmits through that population, or for a virus to recombine in species unnaturally brought into contact with one another.A virus jumping from an animal and then being able to infect humans and spread is a rare event. The proximity of a number of animals who can pass viruses between each other and come in regular contact with people can increase the chances of a virus emerging which is able to spread to humans, experts say.China orders complete ban on trade in wildlife for food to combat coronavirus epidemic. “Ultimately it’s a numbers game. The more infected hosts you have, the greater the chance that some sort of change in the virus could occur,” said Gavin Smith, a professor in the emerging infectious diseases programme at Duke-NUS Medical School Singapore. infected in another location.Scientific journal admits ‘error’ to link coronavirus with China. 10 Apr 2020. It is also possible that humans could have been infected directly from bats, as opposed to through an intermediary animal, experts say.But there are other kinds of people living near or working with wildlife on a regular basis who could have been infected besides bat researchers, according to Racaniello.“[A virus related to Sars-CoV-2] might have infected someone outside the city; perhaps there were several short chains of infections before the virus reached Wuhan. One scenario that I like is that a farmer harvesting bat guano for fertiliser might have become infected,” he said.But among the many question marks and unknowns, researchers say it is too early to come to any conclusions about how the new coronavirus emerged. Wide retrospective testing of blood samples collected over years could provide more clues about whether similar or related viruses had been jumping over in humans unnoticed, according to Roy Hall, a professor of virology at the University of Queensland in Australia. More animal testing could also help find a closer match to Sars-CoV-2.“It’s unhelpful to speculate if you don’t have all the evidence,” Hall said. “Anything is possible, but you have to look at the probability.”|1
Generally coronaviruses survive for shorter periods at higher temperatures and higher humidity than in cooler or dryer environments. However, we don’t have direct data for this virus, nor do we have direct data for a temperature-based cutoff for inactivation at this point. The necessary temperature would also be based on the materials of the surface, the environment, etc. Regardless of temperature please follow CDC’s guidance for cleaning and disinfection.|1
Having been permanently banned from Twitter for sharing the publicly-available details of the man who ran the show as far a bat-soup virology in Wuhan’s super-secret bio-lab – which is now a common talking point and rapidly shifting from conspiracy theory to conspiracy fact – we thought a reminder of how we got here was in order.(Article by Tyler Durden republished from ZeroHedge.com).Scott Burke,  CEO of crypto-related firm Groundhog, unleashed what we feel may be the most complete timelines of facts to help understand the controversial links between COVID-19 and HIV, and COVID-19 and Wuhan Institute of Virology.Want to go down a (strictly fact-based) rabbit hole?Here is the full slightly-edited-for-formatting twitter thread. A disclaimer: I am not a virologist. This is me synthesizing what we have learned since the outbreak began and reviewing public scientific papers. I believe each of the following statements is a solid fact, backed up by a citation. I also want to say that I understand some people are worried about blame being cast for this outbreak. Obviously we are all in this together, and my intention here is not to cast blame. These links overwhelmingly compel further scrutiny, but are not conclusive.I do think however that information is being downplayed and suppressed by some scientists and media outlets and it’s our duty to find out the facts about this virus, do what we can to mitigate the outbreak, and prevent it from happening again.Ready.So there’s original SARS, which is a type of coronavirus. SARS infects cells through the ACE2 receptor in hosts.The S spike protein plays a key role in how the virus infects cells. Each of the little spikes that surround the coronavirus is a spike protein (or S protein). That’s what gives the coronavirus it’s name – it’s “crown” of these spikes.The S protein binds to the targeted cell through the ACE2 receptor, and boom, your cell is infected and becomes a virus replication factory.After the first SARS outbreak, there was a “land rush” to find other coronaviruses. A collection of SARS-*like* coronaviruses was isolated in several horseshoe bat species over 10 years ago, called SARS-like CoVs, or SL-CoVs. Not SARS exactly, but coronaviruses similar to SARS.In 2007, a team of researchers based in Wuhan, in conjunction with an Australian laboratory, conducted a study with SARS, a SARS-like coronavirus, and HIV-1.The researchers noted that if small changes were made to the S protein, it broke how SARS-CoV worked – it could no longer go in via ACE2. So they inferred the S protein was critical to the SARS attack vector. They also predicted based on the S-ACE2 binding structure, that SARS-like CoVs were not able to use this same attack method (ACE2 mediation).They decided to create a pseudovirus where they essentially put a SARS-like CoV in a HIV envelope. It worked.Using an HIV envelope, they replaced the RBD (receptor binding domain) of SL-CoV with that of SARS-CoV, and used it to successfully infect bats through ACE2 mediation.12 years goes by.A SARS-like CoV begins sweeping the globe that is far more infectious than previous outbreaks.Ground Zero for this outbreak (not first human patient, but first spreading event) is considered to be Wuhan Seafood Market.Wuhan Seafood Market is 20 miles from the National Biosafety Laboratory at Wuhan Institute of Virology.Amidst the outbreak, a team of Indian bioinformatics specialists at Delhi University released a paper pre-print. COVID-19 has a unique sequence about 1,378 nucleotide base pairs long that is not found in related coronaviruses. They claimed to identify genetic similarities in this unique material between COVID-19 and HIV-1. Specifically, they isolated 4 short genetic sequences in key protein structures (the receptor binding domain, or RBD).Two of the sequences were perfect matches (albeit, short), and two of the sequences were matched but each with an additional string of non-matching material appearing in the middle of the sequence.The paper was criticized and numerous attempts have been made to debunk it. After the criticism, the authors voluntarily withdrew it, intending to revise it based on comments made about their technical approach and conclusions.One key debunking attempt claims this:The same sequences are found in a variant called BetaCoV/bat/Yunnan/RaTG13/2013, which had been found “in the wild” in bats.This is an attempt to prove that it was not engineered, but mutated naturally in the wild.But there’s a problem.This strain was only known by and studied at the Wuhan Virology Institute, and although they claim it was discovered in 2013, it wasn’t published or shared with the scientific community until immediately after the Indian paper, on January 27, 2020.The RatG13 strain publication and the HIV research paper from 2008 share an author.I discovered this on my own by comparing the two papers and then quickly realized this scientist’s contact information was the information that ZeroHedge was suspended from Twitter for sharing.Their article identifies this author in question including some contact information from the Wuhan Virology Institute web site.You can read the public comments and discussion of the original paper here:There is a line of inquiry about how the sequences are remarkably stable in between the “bat” CoV and the nCoV, where in nature they would likely have mutated in between their shared evolution. Also a call for greater scientific evidence that the strain was collected in the wild.Here is the only point in this thread where I will offer my opinion rather than a list of facts: In light of all the previous facts, the efforts to debunk the paper are not yet convincing in my view. The RaTG13 paper makes the claim that, oh, that HIV-related material you identified that happens to protein fold to become a perfect attack vector for nCoV to attack ACE2?It’s a relative of this other secret virus which came from the wild which we forgot to tell the scientific community about until now for no reason.Here’s the secret virus – it came from bats – and here’s the new virus, see, they have the same HIV-related sequences… so… bats!Totally not secret pathogen research which escaped the lab. What are the odds that a SARS-like coronavirus with overlapping genetics from HIV mutated and crossed over into humans, next door to a laboratory which had been enhancing coronavirus with HIV for over a decade? And conversely, what are the odds it leaked out of the laboratory?Finally, there is a great thread here by Trevor Bedford (@trvrb) examining the evidence for and against, with key replies challenging the conclusions made as well.Let’s learn! What do you think? Maybe I’m wrong! Can anyone disprove any of the links in the chain above? One thing is for sure, the science behind all this is fascinating. But we need to make sure that if viruses are being secretly developed and accidentally released, that we learn about that and do our best to make sure it doesn’t happen again|0
Gates wants us microchipped and Fauci wants us to carry vaccination certificates.Did you NAZI that coming??|0
Back in 2014 during the Ebola scare in the US I published an article warning about how a global pandemic could be used by the elites as cover for the implementation of an economic collapse as well as martial law measures in western nations. My immediate concern was the way in which a viral outbreak could be engineered or exploited as a rationale for a level of social control that the public would never accept under normal circumstances. And this could be ANY viral outbreak, not just Ebola. The point is the creation of an “invisible enemy” that the populace cannot quantify and defend itself against without constant government oversight.I noted specifically how the government refused to apply air travel restrictions in 2014 to nations where the outbreak had taken hold when they could have stopped the spread in its tracks. This is something that was done again in 2020 as the UN’s WHO and governments including our government in the US refused to stop air travel from China, pretending as if it was not a hot zone and that the virus was nothing to worry about.This attitude of nonchalance serves a purpose. The establishment NEEDS the pandemic to spread, because then they have a rationale for strict controls of pubic activities and movements. This is the end goal. They have no care whatsoever for public health or safety. The end game is to acquire power, not save lives.  In fact, they might prefer a higher death count in the beginning as this would motivate the public to beg for more restrictions in the name of security.Authorities went from downplaying the outbreak and telling people not to bother with preparations like purchasing N95 masks, to full blown crisis mode only weeks later. In January Trump initially claimed he “trusted” the data out of China and said that “everything was under control”; as usual only a couple months down the road and Trump flip-flopped on both assertions.  The World Health Organization refused to even label this outbreak a “pandemic” until the virus was entrenched across the globe.  The question people will ask is, was this all due to incompetence, or was it social engineering?The Ebola event six years ago seems to have been a dry run for what is happening today.  I believe it is entirely deliberate, and I will explain why in this article, but either way, governments have proven they cannot be trusted to handle the pandemic crisis, nor can they be trusted to protect the people and their freedoms.At the same time, the pandemic itself is tightly intertwined with economic collapse. The two events feed off one another. The pandemic provides perfect cover for the crash of the massive debt bubble central banks and international banks have created over the years. I noted in February that the global economy was crashing long before the coronavirus ever showed up.  At the same time, economic chaos increases 3rd world conditions within each country, which means poor nutrition and health care options that cause more sickness and more deaths from the virus. As outlined in 2014:“Who would question the event of an economic collapse in the wake of an Ebola (virus) soaked nightmare? Who would want to buy or sell? Who would want to come in contact with strangers to generate a transaction? Who would even leave their house? Ebola (viral) treatment in first world nations has advantages of finance and a cleaner overall health environment, but what if economic downturn happens simultaneously? America could experience third world status very quickly, and with it, all the unsanitary conditions that result in an exponential Ebola (pandemic) death rate. Amidst even a moderate or controlled viral scenario, stocks and bonds will undoubtedly crash, a crash that was going to happen anyway. The international banks who created the mess get off blameless, while Ebola (viral outbreak), an act of nature, becomes the ultimate scapegoat for every disaster that follows.”As the double threat of financial collapse and viral pandemic accelerate, fear becomes widespread for those that never prepared ahead of time (and we’re talking about millions of people).  When people are afraid they tend to sacrifice their freedoms to anyone that offers them a promise of safety, no matter how empty. For now, the public is being convinced to assume that lockdowns and restrictions are temporary, but this is a lie. The elites must maintain and increase restrictions with each passing month in order to prevent rebellion until they are ready to implement martial law measures.You see, the establishment is going for broke with this event, and because of this there is the potential for them to face dire consequences. The facade is quickly evaporating; the collectivists and globalists are risking exposure of themselves and their political puppets in order to build a totalitarian system with extreme speed. The establishment must keep the pressure on for now, because if the public is allowed to breath for just a moment they might look around and wake up to the bigger agenda. The public has to be forced to beg for aid from the authorities; only then will the pressure be lifted for a short time. The public has to believe the control grid was THEIR idea.A new process of mass conditioning is about to be set in motion, using “waves” of panic and then waves of release and calm. After studying the behavioral traits and methods of narcissistic sociopaths (psychopaths) for many years, I can tell you this form of conditioning is very familiar. This is exactly what they always do, just on a global scale – They create an atmosphere of crisis to keep people around them unbalanced and on edge, then “relieve the pressure” intermittently so that those same people relax and their anger is deflated for a time. Then, the process starts all over again. This conditioning traps the narcopath’s victims in a constant state of flux and uncertainty, and the moments of calm become a placebo which prevent their rebellion against him. He can then feed off his victims at his leisure like a psychological vampire, and often these victims will see the narcopath as their only means of support. They have been convinced that all the threats are coming from the outside; they do not realize the source of the threats is the person standing right next to them.The wave model of conditioning and control is starting to show up everywhere, and it is most blatant in the intended “solution” presented by establishment elites in response to the coronavirus outbreak. As Truthstream Media outlined in their excellent video ‘We Are Living In 12 Monkeys’, MIT recently published a paper written by their globalist editor in chief Gideon Lichfield titled ‘We’re Not Going Back To Normal’ which admits quite brazenly how the elites intend to use this crisis to their advantage.Lichfield lays out a kind of programming schedule for the population based on waves of viral infection outbreaks, waves of tight social restrictions, followed by waves of limited economic activity and limited calm over the next 18 months. As Lichfield suggests:“To stop coronavirus we will need to radically change almost everything we do: how we work, exercise, socialize, shop, manage our health, educate our kids, take care of family members.We all want things to go back to normal quickly. But what most of us have probably not yet realized—yet will soon—is that things won’t go back to normal after a few weeks, or even a few months. Some things never will.”He continues:“As long as someone in the world has the virus, breakouts can and will keep recurring without stringent controls to contain them. In a report yesterday researchers at Imperial College London proposed a way of doing this: impose more extreme social distancing measures every time admissions to intensive care units (ICUs) start to spike, and relax them each time admissions fall. Understand that there are 7 billion people on the planet, and this process of control could go on for years while we wait for every person to overcome the virus or die from it.  The only way for the public to escape this purgatory (according to Lichfield) is for them to submit to a biometric data grid. They must volunteer (or be forced) to participate in 24/7 tracking through their cell phones and through mass surveillance. In order to function in society, an individual must have the proper digital marker which tells the authorities that they are “clean” and devoid of infection.  The system is being used in China right now:This system achieves a number of things. Much like the social credit system China has been using for the past few years, the public is compelled to constantly appease the hidden but all seeing eye of government. Everything they do is watched by algorithms and surveillance. Any deviation might trigger scrutiny and a loss of simple freedoms to move around or participate in normal human interaction. Lichfield argues:“Ultimately, however, I predict that we’ll restore the ability to socialize safely by developing more sophisticated ways to identify who is a disease risk and who isn’t, and discriminating—legally—against those who are.one can imagine a world in which, to get on a flight, perhaps you’ll have to be signed up to a service that tracks your movements via your phone. The airline wouldn’t be able to see where you’d gone, but it would get an alert if you’d been close to known infected people or disease hot spots. There’d be similar requirements at the entrance to large venues, government buildings, or public transport hubs. There would be temperature scanners everywhere, and your workplace might demand you wear a monitor that tracks your temperature or other vital signs. Where nightclubs ask for proof of age, in future they might ask for proof of immunity—an identity card or some kind of digital verification via your phone, showing you’ve already recovered from or been vaccinated against the latest virus strains.”And there you have it. The social and biometric control grid that globalists have been hungry to set up for years now has the perfect catalyst – a viral pandemic which could cycle indefinitely; all that would be needed is to release a designer virus every couple years which renews public fear. The populace becomes increasingly dependent on government for everything as their very survival depends on their ability to function within the new economy, and without a special mark granted by government saying you are not an infection risk, you could be shunned from all trade and participation.Refuse to get vaccinated due to health concerns?  You’re kicked out of the economy.  Homeschool your children?  They have not been monitored and are therefore an infection risk, and your whole family is kicked out of the economy.  Hold political views that are contrary to globalism?  Maybe you are listed as a danger to the system and wrongly labeled infected as punishment; and then you are kicked out of the economy.  The establishment can use the threat of economic removal to condition many people into complacency or slavery.The MIT editor goes on to drive his point home in rather arrogant fashion:“We’ll adapt to and accept such measures, much as we’ve adapted to increasingly stringent airport security screenings in the wake of terrorist attacks. The intrusive surveillance will be considered a small price to pay for the basic freedom to be with other people.”Beyond the effort to turn “social distancing” into a new cultural norm enforced by law, there is another agenda being quietly instituted – the cashless society. More and more businesses are starting to refuse cash payments, claiming that paper cash spreads the virus.  Oddly enough, they still accept debit cards using pin pads which are much more likely than cash to spread disease.This may force the public to keep their money in banks despite the threat of a credit freeze or bank holiday. What if you pull cash out of your accounts but are not able to spend it anywhere? Eventually, they will ban debit and credit card transactions in stores as well, and replace them with a non-interactive payment model. This will probably be done through your cell phone in the beginning using a scanning app. In the end, they will use your biometric data for all money transactions.This forces the public, yet again, to carry a cell phone on them everywhere for their very survival. The tracking network for the virus as well as the new payment transaction system makes this device indispensable. If you want to participate in society, you will have no choice but to be tracked and traced at all times.Unless, of course, you build your own system of trade and interaction.The solution to medical tyranny and the cashless society is to not need the system at all for your own survival. This means people will have to build their own economies based on barter and local scrip. They will have to dump their cell phones and rely on other forms of communication such as radio, or establish a digital communication system separate and independent from the establishment system. They will have to become producers and achieve more self reliance. They will have to break free from the grid, and this has to start RIGHT NOW.Of course, the establishment will claim that these independent people are a threat to everyone else simply by existing.  They will perpetuate the lie of “herd immunity” and will claim that independent people will “spread the virus”, even to those who are supposedly protected through vaccination. And eventually they will try to stop decoupled and localized communities from existing using force. At that point we simply go to war with the elites, as we were always going to have to do anyway. The alternative is slavery in the name of the “greater good”, but there is no greater good without freedom, and there is no society without individuality. Pandemic be damned.|0
The SARS-CoV-2 virus that causes COVID-19 will likely continue with minimal variation. It will probably stay stable because very few people are immune—so many “naïve” human hosts are still available for maintaining current transmission cycles.This virus appears very balanced in terms of transmission-to-virulence. It also can be transmitted early in infection. Serious disease usually doesn’t occur until much later—and by that time, many patients are confined to a hospital bed. Consequently, a long transmission window is present before a person falls seriously ill, giving the virus plenty of time to spread. Selection is heavily driven by transmissibility, and the role of virulence in this process is much less clear.Another coronavirus, MERS, has a high lethality but doesn’t transmit as easily. This one is far more virulent—and devastating. Many dangerous respiratory viruses spread efficiently before causing severe disease—and that’s what we’re seeing with SARS-CoV-2.|1
The Coronavirus is curable, do you believe it? You better. Every week I am putting in the G2Sacramental dosing for Coronavirus, why . . . we have a family on it, we have a couple of other people . . . 6 drops MMS activated 4oz of water every two hours four or five times the first day, it should, it might even kick it out the first day, but depends on how long you’ve had it, if it’s in your lungs, do it the second day again, then I’d go to three drops eight hours a day for three or four days, then just to keep going, kick it out of you. Small children, we can cut everything in half, three drops every two hours versus a couple days, three hours then a drop really, not three. The Coronavirus is curable, you believe that? You better . . . it’s wicked good stuff Joe,” and Joseph Grenon replies, “MMS will kill it.|0
Although it’s possible we could have pre-existing immunity if we were previously infected with “common cold” coronaviruses, there is no evidence that this is protective in people exposed to SARS-CoV-2 (the virus that causes COVID-19).Unless I see data otherwise, I’d assume that most of us are immunologically “naive.” However, although we don’t know if it’s relevant to COVID-19 epidemiology, it has been shown that antibodies against SARS-CoV can block infection of cells with SARS-CoV-2 in vitro, so there is the possibility of protective cross-reactive immunity from closely related coronaviruses.|1
In order to return to normality, a possible requirement, besides social distancing, will be mandatory participation in a global vaccination programme, underwritten by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, the Big Pharma and many other supposed “philanthropists”. Efforts to introduce a vaccine containing nanotechnology to “mark” and keep those injected under surveillance received a big boost, with Bill Gates at its head.|0
When grocery shopping, keep at least 1-metre distance from others and avoid touching your eyes, mouth and nose. If possible, sanitize the handles of shopping trolleys or baskets before shopping. Once home, wash your hands thoroughly and also after handling and storing your purchased products.There is currently no confirmed case of COVID-19 transmitted through food or food packaging.|1
We are still learning about transmission of the new coronavirus. It's not clear if it can be spread by an infected person through food they have handled or prepared, but if so it would more likely be the exception than the rule.That said, the new coronavirus is a respiratory virus known to spread by upper respiratory secretions, including airborne droplets after coughing or sneezing. The virus that causes COVID-19 has also been detected in the stool of certain people. So we currently cannot rule out the possibility of the infection being transmitted through food by an infected person who has not thoroughly washed their hands. In the case of hot food, the virus would likely be killed by cooking. This may not be the case with uncooked foods like salads or sandwiches.|1
Oh well fuk it.. So here's a Theory of Mine Yerme.. BTW why are Soldiers on the Streets in Philly.. Someone DMd me this video this morning.. So y'all know how we always hea about Martial Law and how we're all gonna be hauled off to FEMA Camps.. BUT the foreign troops were always the narrative to dew the job because ppl always said the US troops would find it harder slaughtering US Citizens.. This Coronavirus changes the average active military persons mind around.. You're no longer looked at as a Citizen but now as a virus.. The government now can subject the military to dew anything and the soldiers now won't bat an eye because they believe you may be infected.. For them to Stop March Madness & the NBA means shyt is realer than we thought at first Yerme.. And now that these hands have been played.. My Mind goes to the extreme of worst possibilities.. That way anything less Issa cake walk Yerme.. This shyt got me thinking.|0
recommends 24,000 milligrams of vitamin C or 266 times the Mayo Clinic's daily dose for men. these types of vitamin megadoses can combat viral infections like the flu, a cold, and the coronavirus by strengthening the immune system to prevent people from contracting them altogether.|0
“We are learning more about the virus every day. On the continuum of the common cold to SARS, it’s now clear that the novel coronavirus is more contagious than SARS, but less deadly. We don’t yet know how much more contagious, or how much less deadly. The number of confirmed infections with nCoV has already far outpaced the total number of suspected SARS cases.”|1
People can catch COVID-19 from others who have the virus. The disease spreads primarily from person to person through small droplets from the nose or mouth, which are expelled when a person with COVID-19 coughs, sneezes, or speaks. These droplets are relatively heavy, do not travel far and quickly sink to the ground. People can catch COVID-19 if they breathe in these droplets from a person infected with the virus.  This is why it is important to stay at least 1 meter) away from others. These droplets can land on objects and surfaces around the person such as tables, doorknobs and handrails.  People can become infected by touching these objects or surfaces, then touching their eyes, nose or mouth.  This is why it is important to wash your hands regularly with soap and water or clean with alcohol-based hand rub.WHO is assessing ongoing research on the ways that COVID-19 is spread and will continue to share updated findings.    |1
Recent studies have shown that the COVID-19 virus may remain on surfaces or objects for up to 72 hours. This means virus on the surface of groceries will become inactivated over time after groceries are put away. If you need to use the products before 72 hours, consider washing the outside surfaces or wiping them with disinfectant. The contents of sealed containers won't be contaminated.After unpacking your groceries, wash your hands with soap and water for at least 20 seconds. Wipe surfaces on which you placed groceries while unpacking them with household disinfectants.Thoroughly rinse fruits and vegetables with water before consuming. And wash your hands before consuming any foods that you've recently brought home from the grocery store.|1
The patient had been relatively fine for the first 10 days he was down with Covid-19.Just 38, he didn't fit the description of people at high risk of complications from the new coronavirus."He had mild pulmonary symptoms that he was just sitting at home with," said Dr. Sean Wengerter, a vascular surgeon in Pomona, New York. "He had been diagnosed at an urgent care clinic and it was going fine at home. He just had a little cough."Until one of Covid-19's surprising effects kicked in."Then he just woke up with both his legs numb and cold and so weak he couldn't walk," said Wengerter, who is division chief of vascular surgery at Westchester Medical Center Health's Good Samaritan Hospital.Coronavirus can cause blood clots.This relatively young man had an aortic occlusion -- a big blood clot in the body's main artery, right above where it splits into two parts to run into each leg. Blood was not getting into the iliac arteries and his legs were being starved.It's an extremely dangerous development that can kill between 20% and 50% of patients, Wengerter said. "It just doesn't usually happen in a 38-year-old," he told CNN.Quick diagnosis and a surgical procedure to slice open the arteries and scoop out the clot using a catheter saved the patient. "We had two surgeons working simultaneously on him," Wengerter said.Doctors treating coronavirus patients are seeing a range of odd and frightening syndromes, including blood clots of all sizes throughout the body, kidney failure, heart inflammation and immune complications."One thing that is both curious and evolving and frustrating is that this disease is manifesting itself in so many different ways," said Dr. Scott Brakenridge, an assistant professor on the acute care surgery team at the University of Florida College of Medicine.It can also cause multi-system organ failure"In some cases it's having severe effects on the patient's ability to breathe, and in others it seems to be associated with development of multi-system organ failure -- when all your organs shut down. And now it's associated with immune effects in children."While the new coronavirus is designated as a respiratory virus, it's clear that it is affecting some people throughout their bodies. The most obvious symptoms of infection are classic respiratory symptoms: fever, pneumonia and acute respiratory distress syndrome.But the virus also seems to attack some organs directly. One of the most troubling is its assault on the lining of the blood vessels, which in turn causes unnatural blood clotting."It seems like Covid, the virus, is creating a local inflammatory response that's leading to some of these thrombotic events," Wengerter said. "This is happening because of the direct action of the virus on the arteries themselves."Other teams of doctors have reported unusual strokes in younger patients, as well as pulmonary embolisms, the medical name for blood clots in the lungs.Pathologists are finding tiny blood clots in the smallest vessels, as well, said Dr. Oren Friedman, who has been taking care of Covid-19 patients in the intensive care unit at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles."There's no debate -- the virus seems to affect thrombosis and seems to directly affect your blood vessels," Friedman told CNN. And that means it affects the whole body."Obviously, every single organ in your body is fed by blood vessels, so if the virus affects your blood vessels, then you can have organ damage," he said."It is a very confusing picture. It's going to take time to understand," Brakenridge said.It might cause children's immune systems to overreact.One of the most frightening syndromes that might be linked with Covid-19 is "pediatric multisystem inflammatory syndrome." New York City reports 52 cases, Mayor Bill de Blasio said Tuesday, and the New York State Department of Health says it is investigating 100 cases.It is characterized by persistent fever, inflammation, poor function in one or more organs, and other symptoms that resemble shock, a panel of pediatricians known as the International PICU-COVID-19 Collaboration says."In some cases, children present with shock and some have features of Kawasaki disease, whereas others may present with signs of cytokine storm. In some geographic areas, there has been an uptick in Kawasaki disease cases in children who don't have shock," Boston Children's Hospital rheumatologist Dr. Mary Beth Son said. Kawasaki disease involves inflammation in the walls of medium-sized arteries and can damage the heart.It may be caused by an immune system response known as a cytokine storm, doctors say."Your immune system is overreacting to the virus, and because these are inflammatory diseases, this overreaction can cause a Kawasaki-like disease," Dr. Glenn Budnick, a pediatrician in Pomona, New Jersey, said on CNN Newsroom Saturday."It is even possible that the antibodies that children are making to SARS-CoV2 are creating an immune reaction in the body. Nobody knows," said Dr. Jane Newburger, a cardiologist on the Boston Children's panel and an expert on Kawasaki disease.Cytokine storm may also cause some of the lung damage and unusual blood clotting seen in adult patients, doctors said."There is other evidence that the virus really doesn't generate a strong immune response and actually it is suppressing the immune system," Brakenridge said. That would allow the virus to more directly attack organs.A study published in the journal Nature Medicine on Tuesday supported both theories.Dr. Zheng Zhang and colleagues at Shenzhen Third People's Hospital in Shenzhen, China analyzed samples of immune cells taken from the lungs of nine coronavirus patients and found abnormally high levels of immune cells called macrophages and neutrophils, as well as immune signaling chemicals called cytokines and chemokines in the sicker patients. Sicker patients also had high levels of proliferating T-cells, another type of immune cell.But the patients with the most severe symptoms had lower numbers of CD8 T-cells, which directly kill virus-infected cells.Doctors say they are finding that various treatments can help control symptoms. Blood thinners can help control the unusual blood clotting, while immune blockers may help control the cytokine storm.It can cause 'Covid toes'.One last symptom that is puzzling -- but less troubling -- is known as "Covid toes." Patients are reporting red or purple swelling of their toes.It's possible the tiny blood clots associated with Covid-19 are causing it, doctors said."One pattern of COVID toes that people are reporting is red lesions typically on the soles. It's possible that this is a skin reaction or caused by a small clog or micro clots in the blood vessels found in the toes," Cleveland Clinic pulmonologist Dr. Humberto Choi said on the clinic's website.It's not usually associated with any serious symptoms, Choi said.|1
Again, I have reason to believe, MMS (chlorine dioxide) can be very effective in both preventing and eradicating the coronavirus . . . let MMS be your first line of defense.Regarding the coronavirus, at this point in time if you have it, I would suggest trying MMS first as MMS has eradicated a wide range of maladies . . . I have to say there have been positive results at least 95% of the time.|0
Is the Corona virus really just a global version of the children’s story “The Emperor’s New Clothes,” this year’s big threat to humanity that is destroying our freedom of choice and liberty? You are being lied to.They say America is the land of the free. What happened there?No need  for real life battles anymore when the corona virus can take care of the seismic power shift all on its own. This time the bad guy could be our next door neighbour.As the body of evidence mounts, we want to show you just some of the people coming forward to now question this mass global (pandemic) pandemonium that is CO-VID 19. Named in 2019 this is a rebrand of the flu. Problem with the Flu is that no one is scared of it anymore. Whilst the vaccine was proven so woeful in its attempts to stop it last year that the CDC had to admit it failed a whopping 91% of the time. So it needed a new name. A rebrand. Update: What if you found out that the Coronavirus is actually on the list of ingredients of the Flu shot? Therefore anyone that has had a Flu vaccine could test positive for Corona virus. It’s right here on the insert under side effects. Courtesy of Goy Brian Pearce who spotted this.Surely, it has gone too far now and the economic fall out to this “pandemic” far outweighs the shaky numbers and scientific “facts” we are being bombarded with by the centralised News corporations that are owned by the very same people that have a huge vested interest in their new untested vaccines. Fear is a terrible thing. It’s bad for your health and closes down large sections of independent cognitive function.Billions of people are now out of work thanks to a virus that has actually been around for years. As we reported on Wednesday this week, the introduction of 5G, Digital microchips and enforced vaccines are now going unchallenged thanks to the coronavirus and the 24-hour news stream of information about the coronavirus “pandemic.”We are now seeing something far more terrifying, the submissive subtle introduction of a military medical state that has been spun out to such a degree that is has now become the will of the people. It’s a very carefully laid out plan.Is this perhaps the precursor to these truly alarming numbers? Is Corona virus the excuse to introduce more vaccines and more radiation emitting technology that will make these figures a reality? Cancer is here to stay. Anyone remember Sadam Hussein and his fictitious “weapons of mass destruction” that became the justification for the invasion of Iraq? Each year there is a new virus, disease, or movement that suddenly and swiftly rears its head, sent from Satan himself, it’s here to threaten our way of life and kill us all. HIV, Swine flu, Bird flu, ISIS, whatever this common trending enemies name may be, we run in fear and wait for our governments help to come and fight the bad guy. Go get them guys! Many of the emergency measures that were put in place at these times and under the guise of terrorism paved the way for the emergency measures we are now seeing, that justify yet more laws being passed quickly and easily, circumnavigating the usually slow democratic process.After all, “Democracy” tends to muddy the waters if you want to centralise everything. Please see some of the following pieces of evidence now circling the globe that will make you see the Corona virus in a whole new, far less terrifying light than the one that is portrayed by state owned Television and their shiny made up graphics. Look at these 2 images below, spot the difference. How do we know the image below is in New York? This is actually a hospital in Italy.We are being constantly told what to think.We say enough is enough!Take a breath. We urge you to look at this story with some rationality and imagine for a second you did not own a TV and had perhaps been in a blissful coma for the last two months. You’d wake up as many probably do thinking the world had gone bonkers.Reflect on the fact that the CDC is in fact a vaccine company, owning the patent on 56 vaccines currently in existence, with a further 271 in the pipeline, whilst good old Bill Gates and his charades continue. The second richest (recorded) man on the planet has invested a lot of money in his ID chips and global vaccines and needs his return on investment.ID2020 is an ambitious project by Microsoft to solve the problem of over 1 billion people who live without an officially recognized identity. ID2020 is solving this through digital identity.He is also the most powerful man at the World Health Organisation. This is nothing more than global power play. Even if you read no further, please consider these facts:Is this a test to see how many will submit? Is this time that the tide turned and people took back some of their own free will? The real agenda that is being hurried through the corridors of power in every major industrial country RIGHT NOW is the creation of further centralised control amidst the erosion of your free will and independent basic human rights. The coronavirus statistics are blinding people to the reality and playing with peoples lives on a vast scale. London authorities caught in the act. Please watch this video where the authorities are called out for posting their panic filled propaganda in London. The irate lady had just fed a homeless man that was taken away. Then she gets a letter through her door saying the man had died of the Corona virus 2 hours ago. She is understandably livid.They even remove their masks once they are called out. Please now watch this video of virologists Dr. Wolfgang Wodarg, an expert in the field of viral study. Reminding us that the Corona virus is actually nothing new. It’s been around for years, whilst in actual fact the tests are mostly unsubstantiated and fabricated. The intro to the video stating: “The corona hype is not based on any extraordinary public health danger. However, it causes considerable damage to our freedom and personal rights through frivolous and unjustified quarantine measures and restrictions. The images in the media are frightening and the traffic in China’s cities seems to be regulated by the clinical thermometer. Evidence-based epidemiological assessment is drowning in the mainstream of fear mongers in labs, media, and ministries”. So if the tests are fake and wrong, what are we all so worried about? What is this huge distraction that has closed airports and meant the police patrol the streets?Please see this section for the many crimes against humanity that have been committed by the vaccine industry. Please also read this extract from Corona: the case number game by Jon Rappoport, on his website No More Fake News that highlights how crazy these numbers really are, given the size of the worlds population and what happens ALL THE TIME with airborn viruses:Starting with Europe and just plain flu. Not COV. According to the World Health Organization (WHO) Europe [1], “During the winter months, influenza may infect up to 20% of the population…” That’s ordinary seasonal flu. The population of Europe is 741 million people. This works out to 148 million cases of ordinary flu. Not once. Every year. EVERY YEAR.According to statista.com [2], “As of March 23, 2020, there have only been 170,424 confirmed cases of coronavirus (COVID-19) across the whole of Europe since the first confirmed cases in France on January 25.” Let’s go to Italy. According to statista.com [3], “Italy has the highest amount of confirmed [COV] cases in Europe with 59,138…” That’s as of March 23. If you multiply by six, to get the annual figure, you arrive at 360,000 cases. You want to blow that up, because of acceleration? Go ahead. How about a million cases for the year? Two million. Three million… Now let’s look at ordinary flu cases for Italy in a given year. According to sciencedirect.com [4], “In the winter seasons from 2013/14 to 2016/17, an estimated average of 5,290,000 ILI [influenza-like illness] cases occurred in Italy, corresponding to an incidence of 9%.” That’s 5 million plus each year… Was a seasonal flu pandemic declared in Italy? Ever? Was the whole country ever locked down as a result? No.Finally, let’s look at figures for ordinary flu, for the whole planet. A study published in the journal, Pharmacy and Therapeutics [5], states, “Influenza is a highly contagious respiratory illness that is responsible for significant morbidity and mortality. Approximately 9% of the world’s population is affected annually, with up to 1 billion infections, 3 to 5 million severe cases, and 300,000 to 500,000 deaths each year.”A BILLION cases EVERY YEAR. Is this called a pandemic? Is the whole world locked down every year? No.Please sign our petition against enforced vaccines and medical interventions. Now please read this extract from an article entitled; Liars, Liars, Stumps on Fire by Anna VonReitz. The CDC is a vaccine company. They are presenting “the CDC” as some big authority we all need to listen to. The CDC is a privately owned vaccine company and on the take for hundreds of millions of dollars from the men who promoted weaponization of the Common Cold. These despicable criminals set up this entire pandemic to profit themselves. Instead of being in position to control and manipulate our response to their handiwork. This is the same CDC that has just recently lost in a landmark court case that they simply cannot deny that vaccines cause Autism.And instead of being allowed to profit themselves…. They should be arrested, tried, and executed without any further adieu. It might not help their victims, but at least we would be rid of them. Its’ collaborators on this “project” — DARPA, the Pirbright Institute and Wellcome Trust and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation should all be similarly dismembered, liquidated, and their board members/trustees denied any protection of the corporate veil…They have planned this pandemic with malice aforethought and for profit. Thousands of people have already died because of these mass murderers.  We are being played Please watch this full exposé from Amazing Polly, who describes the various Corona virus lies that are happening right now in the USA.“I look in to the back ground of Debra Birx which leads us to PEPFAR, which leads us to Bono and Bill Gates and the swampy depths of the Frankenstein Medical Industrial Complex. It’s GLOBAL.”Some countries are resisting. But for how long? Some countries are saying no to the WHO and the CDC. But how long can they stand out against this enormous political pressure, even though the the numbers don’t stack up every other country is falling in line so why are they not? Mexico parties on.  The Mexicans are more used to not trusting their institutions. Maybe this could in fact help them out? Only time will tell. As Terry Tillaart states on Facebook: CAJONES! — SCREW YOU FAKE “VIRUS”! P.S. NOBODY was harmed by any “virus” at this event. It doesn’t take an ounce of Cajones to attend a large music festival, all it takes is enough common sense to know the media has NEVER told you the truth even 1 time in your life!.. It shouldn’t require any Cajones to share this with your friends either because there is absolutely nothing they can say in the face of this evidence that doesn’t makes an ounce of sense! It does, however, require SERIOUS CAJONES on the part of the Mexican President to buck the ENORMOUS pressure applied to all countries Globally from the Pharma & Banking Cartels to uphold this virus fakery and avoid EVIDENCE like this getting out proving everyone is just fine!!! HUGE applause to this new President and now we KNOW for a fact why we’ve never heard his name mentioned before and it’s because he is not playing ball with the cartels!Population of Greater Mexico City? 21,581,000 (Yes much larger than New York or LA)…..not shutdown and nobody is sick!!!! Meanwhile in Brazil supporters of the President are calling for mass protests against the imposed shut down. Accroding to NPR: Right-wing groups in Brazil are summoning their supporters onto the streets to demand that their country returns to work, and ends mass lockdowns imposed to reduce the spread of the coronavirus. This follows a highly controversial campaign against shutdowns by Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro, who believes mass closures will cause more economic devastation and suffering than the virus itself. On Thursday, the number of COVID-19 deaths in Brazil rose by 20 to 77 — the country’s biggest jump so far — while confirmed cases went up by 482 to 2,915, according to Brazil’s Health Ministry. Even if these results were genuine reasons for death, that’s an absolute fraction in comparison to the size of Brazils population of over 212 million.According to the report:  Groups sympathetic to the president are circulating posts mainly on WhatsApp and Twitter, calling on people to leave their homes and join motorcades protesting the closure of nonessential businesses and schools that have brought life to a near standstill in some areas, including São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro. “We are not going to die of hunger,” says one of the posts advertising a rally Friday. Another calls for the mobilization of business owners, store keepers, drivers for ride-hailing companies and others this weekend. Similar motorcade protests were also held on Thursday in several smaller cities, according Brazilian media reports.Bolsonaro has repeatedly dismissed the coronavirus threat as “exaggerated,” arguing that people over 60 are the at-risk group that should be isolated, but that most Brazilians suffer few or no symptoms and should continue to work.The Emperors new clothes. Once the rumour came from high enough in the pecking order, so the people became convinced that the naked Emperor was in fact fully clothed. They heard about these clothes from their friends and celebrities on Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and even the 10 o’clock news, so it must be true. Fuelled by fear, their imaginations ran wild with images of resplendent clothes, for fear of looking stupid in front of their friends, or even worse, being beaten by the emperor’s thugs with sticks if they even dare to think of anything other than compliance and mass obedience. “Shhh kid, of course the emperors got clothes on, you don’t want to catch that terrible disease do you? Now get inside!” Screw that, lets listen to the children a bit more?! They are not as brain washed as us! So how do you protect yourself against any virus?Anyone with a healthy lifestyle, a clean diet and strong immune system should be well equipped to cope with any virus. But if you are concerned about your own immune system then please read MD Fermin’s informative and thought provoking article, stating that the medical world has much to gain from embracing Immunotherapy, such as  Genuine GcMaf. We all have GcMAF in our bodies, as it is a naturally occurring protein. The likelihood is that if you are well and healthy, you have enough of it to fight off virus’s and pathogens. If on the other hand you are sick, or have been diagnosed with a serious condition, then your immune system is low and so your GcMAF is too. The evidence, research and real stories that proves the effectiveness of Genuine Bulgarian GcMAF Immunotherapy, even against the rarest of cancers, is abundant. One of the issues is that it is not a well publicised story. According to Dr. Theron Hutton, MD, N-acetyl cysteine, selenium, spirulina, and high-dose glucosamine are all supplements of natural origin that have been scientifically shown to provide protection against RNA viruses like influenza and coronavirus.In a paper entitled, “Nutraceuticals have potential for boosting the type 1 interferon response to RNA viruses including influenza and coronavirus,” researchers from the Catalytic Longevity Foundation and the Mid America Heart Institute at St. Luke’s Hospital found that these and other herb extractions such as elderberry possess symptomatically beneficial properties that can help to mediate the impact of infections such as coronavirus, which is definitely worth considering. Get in touch. If you do have a pre existing medical condition and are concerned about your immune system, please get in touch and we can help you prepare it better, including the use of Immunotherapy GcMAF.|0
The following actions help prevent the spread of COVID-19, as well as other coronaviruses and influenza: Avoid close contact with people who are sick. Avoid touching your eyes, nose, and mouth. Stay home when you are sick.Cover your cough or sneeze with a tissue, then throw the tissue in the trash. Clean and disinfect frequently touched objects and surfaces every day. High touch surfaces include counters, tabletops, doorknobs, bathroom fixtures, toilets, phones, keyboards, tablets, and bedside tables. A list of products suitable for use against COVID-19 is available here. This list has been pre-approved by the US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) for use during the COVID-19 outbreak.Wash your hands often with soap and water.This chart illustrates how protective measures such as limiting travel, avoiding crowds, social distancing, and thorough and frequent handwashing can slow down the development of new COVID-19 cases and reduce the risk of overwhelming the health care system.|1
Earlier this month, the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention updated its Covid-19 recommendations to specifically target older adults and people with serious underlying medical conditions. They labeled this group as "higher risk."However, another group of people could be particularly vulnerable to Covid-19 and hasn't received as much attention: people who smoke, vape or have substance use disorders."[T]he research community should be alert to the possibility that [Covid-19] could hit some populations with substance use disorders particularly hard," Dr. Nora Volkow, director of the National Institute on Drug Abuse wrote in a blog post published last week.Because Covid-19 attacks the lungs, those who smoke tobacco or marijuana or who vape may be especially threatened, Volkow said."When someone's lungs are exposed to flu or other infections the adverse effects of smoking or vaping are much more serious than among people who do not smoke or vape," Stanton Glantz, professor of medicine and director of the Center for Tobacco Research Control & Education at University of California, San Francisco, wrote in a blog post updated Tuesday."Vaping affects your lungs at every level. It affects the immune function in your nasal cavity by affecting cilia which push foreign things out...[T]he ability of your upper airways to clear viruses is compromised," Glantz said in a phone interview.The CDC reported on Wednesday that young adults under age 44 make up a big part of Covid-19 hospitalizations in the US, and Glantz questions whether the vaping epidemic might have contributed to this."Some of my pulmonary [colleagues] have noted people under 30 [with Covid-19] ending up in hospitals and a couple were vapors," Glantz said. However, he said, there hasn't been enough research or evidence to support whether there's a link.People who smoke are generally at an increased risk of serious complications, such as acute respiratory distress syndrome, when they have a severe infection.The odds of a Covid-19 case becoming more severe -- and at the most extreme, leading to death -- were 14 times higher among people who had a history of smoking compared to those who did not smoke, Glantz said, citing a study from China published in the peer-reviewed Chinese Medical Journal in February. The study also found those with a history of smoking had a 14% higher risk of developing pneumonia.Concerns about other drugs, Besides smoking and e-cigarettes, Volkow wrote that people who abuse opioids and methamphetamine may be at risk for serious complications of Covid-19 because of the effects these drugs have on respiratory and pulmonary health.Opioids slow breathing and have already been shown to increase mortality in people with respiratory diseases, according to Volkow. "[T]hus diminished lung capacity from COVID-19 could similarly endanger this population," she said.Methamphetamine has been shown to produce significant pulmonary damage since it binds heavily to pulmonary tissue, Volkow explained in a phone interview. This will likely increase the risk of negative outcomes if used during a Covid-19 infection.People with substance use disorders also rely on treatment that traditionally involves human interaction, such as therapy sessions or methadone clinics, which will be challenging in the setting of wide-spread social distancing, according to Dr. Allison Lin, assistant professor in psychiatry and the addiction center at the University of Michigan.Lin said it's important for everyone to quit smoking due to its unknown -- but potentially serious -- effects on Covid-19 patients. This is particularly important for people with substance use disorders since they are more likely to smoke, she said.For everyone infected with Covid-19, one thing people can do now to reduce the risk of serious illness is quitting smoking, according to Glantz."At a time when people are looking to reduce risk, it's very sensible to stop insulting your lungs," he said.|1
Convalescent plasma is the liquid part of blood from patients who have recovered from an infection, the US Food and Drug Administration says. “Antibodies present in convalescent plasma are proteins that might help fight the infection.”But just like with normal blood donation, donors and recipients must be matched by blood type. Type AB plasma is the only universal type and can be given to patients of any blood type.The FDA said patients who are fully recovered from Covid-19 for at least two weeks are encouraged to consider donating plasma.The Red Cross said there are other requirements for plasma donors:You are at least 17 years old and weigh at least 110 pounds. (The age requirement may differ according to organization and state). Other weight requirements apply for donors age 18 or younger.You must be in good health overall health now.You cannot donate if you are pregnant or have certain conditions, such as HIV or sickle cell disease.|1
IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT - CORONAVIRUSLast evening dining out with friends, one of their uncles, who's graduated with a master's degree and who worked in Shenzhen Hospital (Guangdong Province, China) sent him the following notes on Coronavirus for guidance:1. If you have a runny nose and sputum, you may have a common cold/flu2. Coronavirus pneumonia is a dry cough with no runny nose to start off with..3. This new virus is not heat-resistant and will be killed by a temperature of just 26/27 degrees..4. If someone sneezes with it, it takes about 10 feet before it drops to the ground and is no longer airborne.5. If it drops on a metal surface it will live for at least 12 hours - so if you come into contact with any metal surface - wash your hands as soon as you can with soap (an alcohol-based one is good).6. On fabric it can survive for 6-12 hours. normal laundry detergent will kill it.7.Try not to drink liquids with ice.8. Wash your hands frequently as the virus can only live on your hands for 5-10 minutes, but - a lot can happen during that time - you can rub your eyes, pick your nose unwittingly and so on.9. You can also gargle as an added prevention. A simple solution of salt in warm water will suffice.10. Can't emphasise enough - drink plenty of water!THE SYMPTOMS1. It will first infect the throat, so you may have a sore throat lasting 3/4 days2. The virus then blends into a nasal fluid that enters the trachea and then the lungs, causing pneumonia. This takes about 5/6 days further.3. With the pneumonia comes high fever and difficulty in breathing.4. The nasal congestion is not like the normal kind. It can feel like you're drowning. It's imperative you then seek immediate attention by telephoning 111 or your doctor - don't visit..SPREAD THE WORD - PLEASE SHARE.AND ALSO SEE RECENT UPDATES FROM NHS AND ELSEWHERE|0
The coronavirus pandemic has only just begun. Everyone is trying to wrap their heads around what they need to know to protect themselves and their communities, and prepare for what’s next. Here are answers to some of the biggest questions our readers have about the outbreak, which we collected in a survey sent out through social media and other avenues.How does the virus spread? Can it be in food? Coronavirus spreads mainly through droplets in the air. The virus can also be found on contaminated surfaces, and end up infecting someone after they touch the surface and then touch their face. (Whether coronavirus meets the definition of “airborne” is a matter of debate among scientists.) The reason we’re distancing ourselves at 6 feet (2 meters) or more is because, generally speaking, this is the range that will keep you protected if an infected individual is coughing or sneezes—and therefore spreading droplets with coronavirus through the air. Ideally you’d want to stay farther away, but 6 feet is a minimum. According to the FDA, there is currently no evidence that coronavirus transmission occurs through food. Keep up with the same steps you normally take to prevent foodborne illnesses. How is the coronavirus spread by infected people who have no symptoms? According to Harvard Medical School’s Coronavirus Resource Center, people who are infected with coronavirus but not showing symptoms can still spread the virus. Aerosolized droplets containing the virus can still exit the body through breaths and speech and float through the air, infecting healthy individuals. Masks can help prevent the spread of the virus. Whether asymptomatic cases are the main cause of the spread of the virus is less clear. We don’t yet know how many infected adults are asymptomatic. According to the CDC, of the 3,700 passengers who were on the Diamond Princess cruise ship who tested positive for covid-19, about 46 percent were asymptomatic at the time of testing. Asymptomatic cases and presymptomatic cases (the former never show symptoms, the latter will eventually show symptoms) are contagious, but it’s not yet clear how their contagiousness stacks up against symptomatic cases. This is why social distancing is important for everyone, no matter how healthy someone might seem. Why does Germany have a much lower fatality rate than the other EU countries? As of April 7, Germany has 107,458 confirmed cases of coronavirus, the fifth of any country in the world. Yet its death tally stands at 1,983, more than five times less than France (which has 110,049 confirmed cases).  Germany has experienced a stranger outbreak than most other major countries. The New York Times reports that the average age of infected patients is lower in Germany than many other countries, and fatality rates among the young are far lower than they are among the elderly. The average age of infection in Germany is 49; in France, it’s 62.5. Germany has also been testing people more aggressively than their European counterparts. In the mold of Asian countries like China and South Korea, Germany is testing hundreds of thousands of individuals a week. Patients are identified early, doctors can administer life-saving treatment sooner, and public health officials have been able to spot cases of mild or no symptoms and isolate them before those individuals can infect others. As opposed to the US, where individuals can only get tested if they are symptomatic, Germany has been able to test people who are asymptomatic. Contact tracing has also been an aggressive tool in tracking down potentially sick individuals and testing and isolating them. Germany has also done a good job of ensuring that its hospitals and health care facilities could manage cases without being overwhelmed. There’s been no shortage of beds, ventilators, other equipment, or staff. Can infections cause permanent effects and complications? Yes. Many patients who come down with covid-19 pneumonia experience acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS), a form of respiratory failure where the lungs are suddenly overwhelmed by inflammation and unable to deliver oxygen to the body’s vital organs. ARDS has a mortality rate of 30 to 40 percent and is the leading cause of covid-19-related deaths. There isn’t a whole lot of literature about what happens if you survive ARDS, but long-term lung damage is a possibility, especially for older individuals. UK doctors report that lung damage sustained by ARDS survivors may take 15 years to heal. Hong Kong doctors told the South China Morning Post that they witnessed some covid-19 survivors see a 20 to 30 percent drop in lung function after recovering from infection. If PCR tests are so easily contaminated, how sure are we about the accuracy of the case numbers? Should we be suspicious? PCR is a gold standard platform for testing. Even a tiny amount of virus in a patient sample can be found and amplified for detection and testing. That doesn’t mean the test is fool-proof. Yes, the reagents can be easily contaminated—which is precisely what botched the CDC’s initial rollout of coronavirus tests in February. But that’s why there are control tests that are used to ensure the entire platform is running as it should. The problem with the CDC’s February tests were that the negative controls were faulty—which was almost immediately made known. There is no real reason to be suspicious of PCR tests for diagnosing coronavirus.It’s probably the most accurate testing platform we have for diagnosing covid-19. How does coronavirus affect pregnancy? At this time, there is no evidence to suggest being pregnant increases your risk for getting coronavirus, or that your risk of developing severe symptoms increases with pregnancy. According to the CDC, there is no increased risk of miscarriage with covid-19. We don’t have much data on whether SARS-CoV-2 can infect infants, and the limited data we have, according to Harvard Medical School, the vast majority of mothers with covid-19 gave birth to babies who showed no clinical evidence of infection. There is also no evidence of the virus infecting breastmilk. Expecting mothers should practice safe hygiene and social distancing at this time, and should also speak with their healthcare providers if they have any specific questions.Have restrictions and lockdowns prevented flu transmission and deaths as well? The 2019-2020 influenza season saw a steady decline in numbers throughout the month of March. According to the CDC, the number of clinical cases testing positive for flu decreased from 24.3 percent at the end of February, to 2.1 percent for the week ending in March 28. That’s not exactly surprising, as numbers always tend to decline as we near April. But the drop has been pretty sharp. It’s too early to say whether social distancing measures are responsible and how great of a role they played. Other factors involved include the effectiveness of the vaccine and how many people got it, how infectious the flu was this year, and how rigorously people were tested (and whether the covid-19 pandemic played a role in incentivizing testing). We won’t know for sure until epidemiologists get a chance to look over the data. Does Covid-19 really cause a loss of smell and taste? On March 20, scientists with ENT UK, a professional organization representing ear, nose and throat doctors, reported that the loss of smell and taste seemed to be a symptom of coronavirus infections, based on anecdotal reports from colleagues around the world. The authors wrote that it seemed 30 percent of confirmed Covid-19 cases in South Korea experienced anosmia (loss of smell) “as their major presenting symptom in otherwise mild cases.” In Germany, anosmia was reported by two-thirds of Covid-19 patients. And the truth is, it’s not entirely surprising. Post-viral anosmia is the cause of 40 percent of all cases where someone loses their sense of smell. The ENT UK statement says previously studied coronaviruses cause anosmia in 10 to 15 percent of all infections. Although it’s a normal part of many viral infections, the reason anosmia is a concern for Covid-19 is because it’s often presenting itself in very mild infections, in the absence of more severe symptoms like fever, coughing and shortness of breath. These are people who aren’t really presenting as ill in any significant way, so they may not be self-isolating themselves as they should. But before we jump to conclusions, we need to wait for published data that shows without a doubt anosmia is a symptom of Covid-19. If you’re experiencing a loss of smell and taste these days, it’s not a definitive sign that you have coronavirus. But it might be a sign that you should be extra vigilant about self-isolating, and perhaps seek out a Covid-19 test (if it’s available).How does this end? Nobody knows. Epidemiologists at Imperial College London suggest we could see a worst-case scenario of 264 million Americans infected and 2.2 million dead. We also don’t know some important things about the virus, including how many asymptomatic cases there are, making it difficult to plan. After the outbreak in Wuhan became public in late December, Chinese authorities began enforcing strict measures on travel and activity designed to stop the spread of the virus as aggressively as possible. It seems to be working: China reported no new cases in Wuhan on March 15. Strict measures are said to have helped reduce the number of new infections in hard-hit places like South Korea as well. Unfortunately, for every South Korea or Singapore, there’s a case like Italy, which did not handle the initial outbreak well and is now reeling from the effects, with the virus spreading incredibly fast and taxing health-care systems well beyond capacity. That’s part of the reason we don’t know how this will end—we don’t yet have a system of containing the virus that is universally adhered to around the world. Just last week, the UK was suggesting it would forgo strict mandates on social distancing and isolation, and instead take a slow approach that would allow over 60% of its population to become infected in order to encourage herd immunity. The about-face on this policy may have come too late. The pandemic could reach a natural end when it finally spreads to nearly every part of the world and no longer has anywhere else to go. But that would leave an unthinkable number of people dead. We could see a combination of various antiviral treatments being fast-tracked sooner to help treat cases, and continued efforts to help slow the spread and “flatten the curve” (more on that below). But the solution that saves the most lives is a vaccine that provides immunity. That will probably take another 18 months to develop, and there’s no telling yet how effective it might be.How is a quarantine supposed to work?The idea behind quarantine is to isolate people who are or may be infected, in order to prevent them from transmitting the illness to others, or to sequester healthy people and make sure they stay healthy. If you restrict someone’s movements beyond the incubation period of the infection, you can isolate new cases as they come up, prevent the spread of infection, and treat those who fall sick.There’s some elasticity in what qualifies as a quarantine. Not being allowed to leave home, or being kept in isolation within a hospital, are pretty strict forms. Sometimes quarantines are not mandatory, but self-imposed by individuals who think they might be sick and doing the right thing by waiting out the incubation period (or recovering from illness) before going out in public again. Quarantines are only one of a list of actions that can be taken to increase social distancing and help “flatten the curve”—limit the number of cases at any one time, so the peak caseload is much easier for health-care systems to manage. How fast can coronavirus mutate? Mutations are natural to every gene on the planet, including those that are part of viruses. In fact, we can study these mutations in the coronavirus genome itself to see whether outbreaks in a single country are related. So far, it appears the rate of mutation in coronavirus is  less than half the rate of eight to 10 times per month for influenza. And more specific numbers will come as researchers spend more time studying the virus. It’s harder to say how specifically we can use this information. Multiple genetic mutations are required for a virus to evolve into something more virulent or threatening. Current research suggests the two major strains of coronavirus affecting humans differ by just 0.007%. There’s no reason to think a vaccine developed for one won’t work against the other.If you survive coronavirus once, can you be reinfected?There are a few reports so far that individuals who’ve contracted the disease and been cleared of the virus have tested positive again. So far these seem to be extremely rare —in China they seem to account for less than 0.2% of all infections. Other literature shows that scientists have observed persistent infections of coronaviruses in animals. We still don’t know enough about the virus or about how immunity develops after infection to say much about how this might work. Thus far it seems rare enough not to be alarmed about. And most scientists seem to think errors more likely explain why some recovered patients are testing positive. What should we expect as spring arrives? Will the warm weather hurt or help our efforts to stop the virus? A big question scientists are trying to answer is whether coronavirus peaks during the winter and ebbs during the summer, like the flu. If there’s a seasonal aspect to the virus, then it also means we have to plan for levels of infection in the Northern Hemisphere to rise rapidly as autumn sets in. The answer is unclear. A new study that hasn’t been peer-reviewed yet suggests that 95% of positive cases globally have thus far occurred between -2 and 10 °C, which could indicate greater transmission in cooler climates. The prospect of seasonality is already influencing how some countries are approaching the problem. The UK’s maligned former strategy to encourage herd immunity assumed in part that the country needed to plan for keeping its health-care system from being overwhelmed by peak caseloads in winter. Yet so many different variables can influence transmission. We’ve only known about the virus for a few months and have yet to actually observe what will happen as the seasons change. The virus may just barrel through the summer unimpeded, or it may exhibit stranger behavior in the winter. We need more data to make strong predictions. How long are people contagious when they are infected? The answer depends on the study you read. A recent study by German scientists suggests that people who test positive are most contagious before they’ve started exhibiting symptoms and during the first week that symptoms show up. Symptoms can appear anywhere between two and 14 days after infection. On the plus side, the same study shows that after about eight to 10 days of symptoms, patients were no longer infectious. This seems to show that though the disease is pretty contagious at the onset, the body gets rid of the virus quickly once antibody production turns on (which is typically within six to 12 days). Yet another study, however, suggests the virus can endure in the body for a median of 20 days after infection, and as long as 37 days in some cases. The rule of thumb being promoted so far is to remain quarantined for 14 days from the moment you develop symptoms. What are the core health and medical tools, technologies, and resources we need to handle thousands or tens of thousands of cases in cities and towns around the US? Why haven’t we scaled up production? One of the biggest concerns facing health-care systems down the road is the availability of medical ventilators for hospitalized patients. Covid-19 is a respiratory disease, and for those severely affected, it's critical to be able to provide oxygen or mechanical help with breathing. The US has only 160,000 ventilators available at the moment—a fraction of what we may need if the virus hits harder. Current business models are just not designed to incentivize this level of manufacturing, though there are efforts to change that right now.But by far, the biggest immediate need is testing kits. “We have a simple message for all countries: test, test, test,” WHO director general Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said in a press briefing Monday. Unfortunately, the US simply hasn’t been testing enough people, and it’s almost a certainty there are many more infections than cases that have been confirmed. Production is ramping up now thanks to new efforts by private and academic labs, but might be too late. Down the road, we’ll also need to figure out how to scale up manufacturing of antiviral treatments or even a viable vaccine.|1
According to a recent study published in the New England Journal of Medicine, SARS-CoV-2, the virus that causes COVID-19, can live in the air and on surfaces between several hours and several days. The study found that the virus is viable for up to 72 hours on plastics, 48 hours on stainless steel, 24 hours on cardboard, and 4 hours on copper. It is also detectable in the air for three hours.Volkin: According to this report, it sounds like the COVID-19 virus is potentially living on surfaces for days. How worried should we be about our risk of becoming infected simply by touching something an infected person was in contact with days ago?Machamer: What's getting a lot of press and is presented out of context is that the virus can last on plastic for 72 hours—which sounds really scary. But what's more important is the amount of the virus that remains. It's less than 0.1% of the starting virus material. Infection is theoretically possible but unlikely at the levels remaining after a few days. People need to know this.While the New England Journal of Medicine study found that the COVID virus can be detected in the air for 3 hours, in nature, respiratory droplets sink to the ground faster than the aerosols produced in this study. The experimental aerosols used in labs are smaller than what comes out of a cough or sneeze, so they remain in the air at face-level longer than heavier particles would in nature.What is the best way I can protect myself, knowing that the virus that causes COVID-19 lives on surfaces?You are more likely to catch the infection through the air if you are next to someone infected than off of a surface. Cleaning surfaces with disinfectant or soap is very effective because once the oily surface coat of the virus is disabled, there is no way the virus can infect a host cell. However, there cannot be an overabundance of caution. Nothing like this has ever happened before.The CDC guidelines on how to protect yourself include:Clean and disinfect surfaces that many people come in contact with. These include tables, doorknobs, light switches, countertops, handles, desks, phones, keyboards, toilets, faucets, and sinks. Avoid touching high-contact surfaces in public.Wash your hands often with soap and water for at least 20 seconds immediately when you return home from a public place such as the bank or grocery store.When in a public space, put a distance of six feet between yourself and others.Most importantly, stay home if you are sick and contact your doctor.There has been speculation that once the summer season arrives and the weather warms up, the virus won't survive, but we don't yet know if that is true. Does the weather or indoor temperature affect the survival of the COVID-19 virus on surfaces?There is no evidence one way or the other. The virus's viability in exposure to heat or cold has not been studied. But it does bear pointing out that the New England Journal of Medicine study was performed at about room temperature, 21-23 degrees Celsius.How does the virus that causes COVID-19 compare with other coronaviruses, and why are we seeing so many more cases?SARS-CoV-2 behaves like a typical respiratory coronavirus in the basic mechanisms of infection and replication. But several mutations allow it to bind tighter to its host receptor and increase its transmissibility, which is thought to make it more infectious.The New England Journal of Medicine study suggests that the stability of SARS-CoV-2 is very similar to that of SARS-CoV1, the virus that caused the 2002-2003 SARS global outbreak. But, researchers believe people can carry high viral loads of the SARS-CoV-2 in the upper respiratory tract without recognizing any symptoms, allowing them to shed and transmit the virus while asymptomatic.|1
The Chinese were all given mandatory vaccines last fall. The vaccine contained replicating, digitized controllable RNA which were activated by 60Ghz mm 5G waves that were just turned on in Wuhan ( as well as all other countries using 60Ghz 5G with the smart dust that everyone on the globe has been inhaling through chemtrails. That's why when they say someone is cured, the virus can be digitally reactivated at any time and the person can literally drop dead. The diamond prince cruise was specifically equiped with 60Ghz 5G. It's basically remote assassination. Americans are currently breathing in this smart dust through chemtrails. Think of it like this, add the combination of vaccines, chemtrails (smart dust) and 5G and your body becomes internally digitized and can be remotely controlled. A person's organ functions can be stopped remotely if one is deemed non-compliant. Wuhan was a test run for ID2020. The elite call this 60Ghz mm 5G wave the "V" wave (virus) to mock us. Trump has created a space force in part to combat this weaponized technology. We need to vehemently reject the attempted "mandatory vaccine" issue because our lives depend on it.|0
The Center for Disease Control (CDC) held a press conference on Monday, Jan. 27, to warn Americans about the seriousness of the coronavirus and urged citizens to just say “No” if a friend offers them the virus.“While it may seem cool to be seen around the park or the mall with a runny nose and hacking cough, there are very real negative side effects to experimenting with this virus,” said Satish Pillai, a medical officer in the Division of Preparedness and Emerging Infections, asking the assembled reporters to remember that one of the most deadly disease vectors of all is peer pressure.“I know what you’re thinking: ‘I’ll just get a couple of respiratory infections at a party. I can stop anytime I want.’ But it’s not that simple, and soon the virus has you in its seductive grip. So, if you see someone collapsing from a fever, just tell them, ‘No thanks, I don’t need an infectious agent to have fun,'” he continued.The medical officer also advised that if you feel you absolutely must try the coronavirus, be sure to contract it from someone you know and trust as it may turn out to be something more lethal, such as Avian Flu or SARS.WHO on the same say stated that the global risk from the deadly virus was “high,” admitting an error in its previous communications published on Thursday, Friday and Saturday which “incorrectly” said the global risk was “moderate”.In a report published late on Sunday, Jan. 26, the UN health body said the risk was “very high in China, high at the regional level and high at the global level.”There are at least five confirmed cases of the Wuhan coronavirus in the US, all people who’d traveled recently to Wuhan, China, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said on Sunday. They are now in isolation hospitals.Three cases were confirmed Sunday: one in Maricopa County, Arizona; one in Los Angeles County, California; and one in Orange County, California.Two others were previously reported: one in Everett, Washington, and another in Chicago. All of the patients will be evaluated case by case before they’re released, according to NBC News. The U.S. State Department said on Sunday it was arranging a flight from Wuhan to San Francisco for consulate staff and other Americans in the city.President Trump said that his administration is watching the virus outbreak closely.The CDC is screening travelers from Wuhan at several U.S. airports, including in Los Angeles, San Francisco, and John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York. Atlanta’s Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport and Chicago’s O’Hare International Airport began screenings last week, according to CNN.The CDC encourages people to follow flu season protocol: Wash hands with soap and water for at least 20 seconds, avoid ill people and stay home and avoid public situations if they’re ill. A coronavirus vaccine would take at least a year to reach the public.Correction: The BL incorrectly attributed the following quote to Satish Pillai, a medical officer in the Division of Preparedness and Emerging Infection at the CDC, “While it may seem cool to be seen around the park or the mall with a runny nose and hacking cough, there are very real negative side effects to experimenting with this virus.” Dr. Pillai never made this comment. The Bl regrets the error.|0
In March 2019, in mysterious event a shipment of exceptionally virulent viruses from Canada's NML ended up in China.The event caused a major scandal with Bio-warfare experts questioning why Canada was sending lethal viruses to China.She primarily received her medical doctor degree from Hebei Medical University in China in 1985 and came to Canada for graduate studies in 1996.In August 2017, the National Health Commission of China approved research activities involving Ebola, Nipah, and Crimean-Congo hemorrhagic fever viruses at the Wuhan facility.'After a laboratory leak incident of SARS in 2004, the former Ministry of Health of China initiated the construction of preservation laboratories for high-level pathogens such as SARS, coronavirus, and pandemic influenza virus,' wrote Guizhen Wu. Coronavirus Bioweapon.|0
Over the weekend Dr. Vladimir Zelenko from New York state announced he has found a treatment against the coronavirus with a 100% success rate on 350 patients.Dr. Zelenko joined Sean Hannity earlier today on his radio program to discuss the results from his test.The New York doctor also posted a video explaining his success with hydroxychloroquine and Zinc .  His treatment resulted in the shortness of breath issue being resolved in 4 to 6 hours.  Dr. Zelenko in his study had zero deaths, zero hospitalizations and zero intubations!Later on Monday evening Sean Hannity invited two more medical experts on to discuss Dr. Zelenko’s coronavirus results.The two doctors were cautiously optimistic.We updated this post to note Dr. Zelenko used Zinc supplement and not Z-Paks in his treatment.|0
Today, the Commission offered up to €80 million of financial support to CureVac, a higly innovative vaccine developer from Tübingen, Germany, to scale up development and production of a vaccine against the Coronavirus in Europe. Commission President Ursula von der Leyen and Commissioner for Innovation, Research, Culture, Education and Youth, Mariya Gabriel, discussed with the CureVac management via videoconference. The Vice-President of the European Investment Bank (EIB), Ambroise Fayolle, also participated. The support would come in form of an EU guarantee of a currently assessed EIB loan of an identical amount, in the framework of the InnovFin Infectious Disease Finance Facility under Horizon 2020. Commission President Ursula von der Leyen said: “In this public health crisis it is of utmost importance that we support our leading researchers and tech companies. We are determined to provide CureVac with the financing it needs to quickly scale up development and production of a vaccine against the Coronavirus. I am proud that we have leading companies like CureVac in the EU. Their home is here. But their vaccines will benefit everyone, in Europe and beyond.” Mariya Gabriel, Commissioner for Innovation, Research, Culture, Education and Youth, said: “Supporting excellent EU research and innovation is an essential part of our coordinated response against the spread of the Coronavirus. In 2014, CureVac won EU's first ever innovation inducement prize. We are committed to support further its EU-based research and innovation in these critical times. Science and innovation in Europe are at the heart of our policies for protecting people's health.” Ambroise Fayolle, Vice-President for Innovation in the European Investment Bank, said: “The EIB is and remains the EU Bank for innovation, even more than ever in the current health crisis. Thanks to our strong and fruitful long partnership with the Commission in the area of research and innovation financial instruments (InnovFin), we are determined to do our best to support CureVac scale up needs for the benefits of EU citizen and beyond.” Founded in 2000, CureVac is a German biopharmaceutical company that has developed a novel technology to overcome one of the biggest barriers to using vaccines: the need to keep them stable without refrigeration. Its vaccine technology is based on messenger RNA (mRNA) molecules that stimulate the immune system. Preliminary studies have shown that the technology holds a promise for rapid response to COVID-19. If proven, millions of vaccine doses could potentially be produced at low costs in existing CureVac production facilities. CureVac has already started its COVID-19 vaccine development program and estimates to launch clinical testing by June 2020. The Commission recognised CureVac's potential to bring life-saving vaccines to people across the planet in safe and affordable ways already in 2014 when CureVac received the first ever EU innovation inducement prize of €2 million, funded by the EU's research and innovation programme, FP7. The award was intended to support further development of the breakthrough idea. Now the Commission and the EIB are strengthening jointly their efforts to provide the necessary means to CureVac, taking advantage of their long and fruitful cooperation in financial instruments dedicated to support research and innovation such as Horizon 2020 InnovFin and in particular its Infectious Disease Finance Facility. Background The support to CureVac is part of coordinated EU response to the public health threat of COVID-19. Working closely with the industry, the Commission has mobilised up to €140 million in public and private funding to support urgently needed research. On 6 March, the Commission announced that it selected 17 projects involving 136 research teams to receive a total funding of €47.5 million from its research and innovation programme, Horizon 2020. The teams will work on developing vaccines, new treatments, diagnostic tests and medical systems aimed at preventing the spread of the Coronavirus. In addition, the Commission has committed up to €45 million for research on vaccines and treatments through a call published on 3 March by the Innovative Medicines Initiative (IMI), which is to be matched by the pharma industry, so up to €90 million in all. In the past years the European Commission has invested greatly in research to prepare exactly for this type of public health emergency. Several EU funded projects are currently contributing to the European and global preparedness and response activities.|1
COVID-19, the disease caused by the novel coronavirus, likely began in a “wet market” in Wuhan, China. Early research suggests the virus originated in bats and was transferred by a yet unknown intermediary animal to people. A possible animal that could’ve acted as a middleman is the pangolin (also called a scaly anteater), which is considered a delicacy in some Asian countries and illegally traded for its meat and scales.Wet markets are places where people can buy a variety of live animals for consumption. Many different species can be found stacked on top of one another in such environments, which are conducive to cross-species disease transfer. It is impossible to determine whether COVID-19 would have arisen without the existence of the wet markets or settings like it, but it is true that such markets supply the conditions for such diseases to arise and infect humans. Indeed, SARS, or severe acute respiratory syndrome, resulted from a virus transferring from bats to civet cats and then humans. Discovered in 2003, SARS originated at a wet market similar to the one now suspected to be the origin of COVID-19.Similarly, it is difficult to determine how many zoonotic diseases would arise in a world where humans didn’t eat meat. Yet even with the preventative measures in the American food system, like feeding livestock antibiotics and pathogen-reducing treatments like the chlorine washing of meat, the proximity to animals still allows for the possibility that diseases might be transferred through direct human-animal contact.Reducing human contact with animals, however, is likely the most effective way to lower the risk of transferring pandemic-causing viruses and bacteria to humans from animal populations.|1
First of all, experts say there has been no study connecting the flu shot with an increased risk of SARS-CoV-2, the novel coronavirus that causes COVID-19.The central study cited by the Children’s Health Defense is a 2019 Armed Forces Health Surveillance Branch study that probed the theory that “influenza vaccination may increase the risk of other respiratory viruses” — a concept known as “virus interference.”Edward Belongia, an infectious disease epidemiologist at the Marshfield Clinic Research Institute, told us that the theory rests on the idea that “if you get a flu infection, for example, maybe for some period of time your immune response to that flu infection reduces your risk of getting infected by some other virus.”Belongia said virus interference has been the subject of speculation and some studies with mixed results, but there is ultimately little data to support it. A 2013 study he worked on, cited in the AFHSB study, found that “influenza vaccination was not associated with detection of noninfluenza respiratory viruses.”In fact, the AFHSB study concluded that its “overall results … showed little to no evidence supporting the association of virus interference and influenza vaccination.”The erroneous claim that the study shows a heightened risk for COVID-19 for those vaccinated for the flu hinges on the study’s suggestion that vaccinated individuals appeared more likely to get “coronavirus.”But the study looked at four types of seasonal coronaviruses that cause common colds, not SARS-CoV-2.What’s more, Belongia said, the results in the study that indicate a flu-vaccinated person has an increased likelihood of testing positive for a seasonal coronavirus do not appear to be adjusted for age groups or seasons. Those factors could affect someone’s chances of getting a specific virus, regardless of whether or not they’ve been vaccinated for the flu.Different viruses affect different age groups and circulate at different times, he said. “It can be easily explained just by random variation and the fact that they didn’t adjust for confounding variables.”The Military Health System, of which the AFHSB is a part, noted in a statement to FactCheck.org that the study used data collected two years before the emergence of COVID-19 and looked at the seasonal coronaviruses — “impacting children and adults with no serious complications” — which “do not have the potential for epidemic or pandemic spread.”“The study does not show or suggest that influenza vaccination predisposes in any way, the potential for infection with the more severe forms of coronavirus, such as COVID-19,” the MHS said.Furthermore, the statement said, “it’s also important to note the study found evidence of significant protection by influenza vaccination against not only multiple forms of the flu, but other, very serious non-influenza viruses, such as parainfluenza, Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV), and non-influenza virus coinfections. It remains essential for people to obtain the seasonal flu shot each year as it becomes available.”There have been some results suggestive of virus interference, which the Children’s Health Defense cites in its post. But none of the studies referenced assessed risks of the flu shot when it comes to COVID-19.For example, Sharon Rikin, an assistant professor of medicine at Albert Einstein College of Medicine and Montefiore Medical Center, said in an email that a 2018 study she worked on “showed an association with flu vaccination and a slightly higher risk of non-flu acute respiratory infections (such as the common cold) in children. However, this association was not seen in adults.”“In medicine, we are always weighing the risks and benefits of treatments. In this case, we know that the flu vaccine is safe and effective to reduce illness and death among children and adults every year,” Rikin added. “We have not studied the association between flu vaccination and risk of COVID-19. Fortunately, COVID-19 is typically not causing significant illness in children. However, preventing illness and death from flu still remains extremely important for children.”Rikin said “just because we found an association between flu vaccines and acute respiratory infections does not mean that the flu vaccine actually caused there to be a higher risk of infections.” She said the group struggled to find a “biologically plausible explanation” and that while “there is a small body of literature that hypothesizes that the phenomenon of shifts in viral prevalence could be caused by viral interference,” there is not “strong empirical evidence of this occurring.”Belongia told us that, ultimately, the evidence of virus interference through such studies “is weak and inconclusive.”“Overall, we do not see evidence of virus interference that is sufficient to raise concerns about flu vaccination and COVID-19 risk,” he said. “Serious COVID-19 disease occurs primarily in adults, and we do not have evidence of flu vaccine causing virus interference in adult age groups.”He said that getting the flu shot, if anything, is especially important because of potential problems posed by the combination of the flu and COVID-19, both for the health care system and individuals.Likewise, Richard Ellison, a professor of medicine at the University of Massachusetts Medical School and hospital epidemiologist at UMass Memorial Medical Center, told us in an email that “getting the flu itself carries very significant morbidity and potentially mortality — so we don’t want someone to get the flu in the first place.”“In addition, while having the flu may boost the immune system, it can significantly weaken someone’s overall health status, and make them more susceptible to complications should they be unfortunate enough to have both influenza and COVID-19 in the same year.”|1
Coronavirus Hoax: Fake Virus Pandemic Fabricated to Cover-Up Global Outbreak of 5G Syndrome.|0
Today WHO declared the coronavirus COVID-19 a “pandemic” – when there is not the slightest trace of a pandemic. A pandemic might be the condition, when the death to infection rate reaches more than 12%.|0
Taking a hot bath will not prevent you from catching COVID-19. Your normal body temperature remains around 36.5°C to 37°C, regardless of the temperature of your bath or shower. Actually, taking a hot bath with extremely hot water can be harmful, as it can burn you. The best way to protect yourself against COVID-19 is by frequently cleaning your hands. By doing this you eliminate viruses that may be on your hands and avoid infection that could occur by then touching your eyes, mouth, and nose.|1
The hype and disinformation campaign about the spread of the new COVID-19 coronavirus has created a climate of fear and uncertainty around the world since WHO declared it a medical emergency. international public health on January 30. The fear campaign is underway, creating panic and uncertainty. National governments and WHO mislead the public."About 84,000 people in at least 56 countries have been infected and about 2,900 have died," said the New York Times. What the newspaper fails to mention is that 98% of infections are in mainland China. There are fewer than 5,000 confirmed cases outside of China (WHO, February 28, 2020). At the moment, there is no real pandemic outside of mainland China. The numbers speak for themselves. At the time of this writing, the number of "confirmed cases" in the US is 64 .The number is minimal, but the media is spreading panic.There are however 15 million cases of influenza in the USA .The latest FluView surveillance report from the US Center for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) indicates that on January 18, 2020, there were 15 million influenza cases, 140,000 hospitalizations and 8,200 deaths in this influenza season in the USA (emphasis added ). COVID-19 Pandemic Data On February 28, 2020, the World Health Organization (WHO) reported 83,652 confirmed cases of COVID-19, including 78,961 in mainland China. Outside China, there were 4,691 (WHO, February 28, 2020, see table on the right). WHO also reported 2,791 deaths, including only 67 outside of mainland China .These figures confirm that the pandemic is mainly confined to mainland China. In addition, recent data tend to show that the epidemic in China is under control. On February 21, 2020, the National Health Commission of the People's Republic of China reported that 36,157 patients were declared cured and discharged from hospital (see chart below).Chinese reports confirm that people have received treatment and are recovering from the viral infection. The number of infected patients is also decreasing. According to the National Pharmaceutical Administration of China, hospitals use the antiviral drug Favilavir "to treat coronavirus with minimal side effects".Let's look at the numbers:The world population is around 7.8 billion people.The population of China is around 1.4 billion people.The world population minus China is around 6.4 billion people.4,691 confirmed cases and 67 reported deaths (outside of China) out of a population of 6.4 billion do not constitute a pandemic. 4,691 / 6,400,000,000 = 0.00000073 = 0.000073%. In the USA, 64 cases out of a population of around 330 million do not constitute a pandemic. (data from February 28): 64 / 330,000,000 .Why propaganda? Racism against people of Chinese origin. A deliberate campaign against China has been launched and a wave of racist sentiments against people of Chinese origin is underway, largely peddled by the Western media.The Economist  reports that "The coronavirus spreads racism against people of Chinese origin and also among themselves."Fear of covid-19 causes people to behave badly, including some Chinese."The Chinese community in Great Britain is facing racism because of the coronavirus epidemic" according to the SCMP.“Chinese communities abroad are increasingly facing racist abuse and discrimination in the context of the coronavirus epidemic. Some people of Chinese origin living in the UK say they have been the victims of growing hostility due to the deadly virus from China.The New York Times reported on March 30 that President Trump backed down from his previous statement that by April 12, the COVID-19 lockout should be over and it's time to think about " back to work ". Instead, he said an extension until the end of April was necessary - and perhaps even until June. This, he said, followed the advice of his advisers, including Dr. Anthony Fauci , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID), within the National Institute for Health (NIH), The COVID-19 virus has so far caused far fewer infections and deaths than regular flu in recent years. The WHO reported on March 30, 750,000 infections worldwide and 36,000 deaths. In the United States, there are approximately 161,000 cases and 3,000 deaths. Yet whistleblower Fauci says there could be millions of cases of coronavirus in the United States and 100,000 to 200,000 deaths. And, coincidentally, Bill Gates does the same, using roughly the same numbers.All this with the idea of ​​imposing a vaccine on the population.A multi-billion dollar vaccine is not necessary.NIAD and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation are collaborating to develop a COVID-19 vaccine.China has shown that the COVID-19 virus can be brought under control at relatively low cost and with strict discipline and traditional medicines. The same drugs and measures have been used for centuries to successfully prevent and cure all kinds of viral diseases.First of all, a vaccine against COVID-19, or against coronaviruses in general, is a vaccine against influenza. Vaccines do not cure. Ideally, influenza vaccines can prevent the virus from affecting a patient as much as it would without a vaccine. The effectiveness of influenza vaccines is generally evaluated between 20 and 50%. Above all, vaccines are a huge financial bonus for large pharmaceutical companies.Then here are a multitude of remedies that have proven to be very effective. See also this and that.The French Professor Didier Raoult , which is one of the five best scientists in the world in the field of communicable diseases, has suggested the use of hydroxychloroquine ( Chloroquine or Plaquenil) , a well known drug, simple and low COVID-19: More Hydroxychloroquine Data From Francecost, also used to fight malaria, which has been shown to work with previous coronaviruses such as SARS. From mid-February 2020, clinical trials at his institute and in China have already confirmed that the drug can reduce viral load and bring a dramatic improvement. Chinese scientists have published their first trials on more than 100 patients and announced that the Chinese National Health Commission would recommend chloroquine in its new guidelines for the treatment of the COVID-19 virus.China and Cuba are collaborating on the use of interferon Alpha 2B, a highly effective antiviral drug developed in Cuba for 39 years, but little known to the world, due to the embargo imposed by the United States on everything which comes from Cuba. Interferon has also been shown to be very effective in the fight against COVID-19 and is now produced in a joint venture in China. There is an old natural Indian / Ayurvedic medicine, curcumin, which comes in the form of C90 capsules. It is an anti-inflammatory and antioxidant compound that has been used successfully to treat cancer, infectious diseases and, yes, coronaviruses.Other simple but effective remedies include the use of large doses of vitamin C , as well as vitamin D3 , or more generally the use of essential micro-nutrients to fight infections, especially vitamins A, B, C, D summer. Another remedy used for thousands of years by the ancient Chinese, Romans and Egyptians is colloidal silver products. They come in the form of a liquid to be administered orally, or to be injected, or to be applied to the skin. Colloidal silver products strengthen the immune system, fight bacteria and viruses, and have been used to treat cancer, HIV / AIDS, shingles, herpes, eye conditions, prostatitis - and COVID-19.A simple and inexpensive remedy to use in combination with others is the menthol-based "Mentholatum  " . It is used for common flu and cold symptoms. Applied on and around the nose, it acts as a disinfectant and prevents germs from entering the respiratory tract, including coronaviruses.Northern Italy and New Orleans report that an unusual number of patients had China Is Using Cuba's Interferon Alfa 2B Against Coronavirus ...to be hospitalized in intensive care units (ICUs) and placed on a 24-hour, 7-day-a-day ventilator %, some of them not reacting and falling into respiratory failure. The reported mortality rate is around 40%. This condition is called acute respiratory distress syndrome, ARDS. This means that the lungs are filled with fluid. When this description of ARDS episodes applies, Dr. Raoult and other medical colleagues recommend COVID-19 patients to "sleep sit" until they are cured. This allows the fluid to escape from the lungs. This method has been known for its effectiveness since it was first documented during the 1918 Spanish flu epidemic.Finally, Chinese researchers, in cooperation with Cuban and Russian scientists, are also developing a vaccine that may soon be ready for testing. This vaccine would attempt to attack not only a single strand of coronavirus, but also the basic genome of coronaviral RNA (RNA = ribonucleic acid), to prevent new mutations in coronaviruses. Unlike the West, which works exclusively for profit, the Sino-Cuban-Russian vaccine would be made available to the whole world at a low price.These alternative remedies cannot be found on the internet controlled by the major pharmaceutical companies. Internet references, if any, may discourage their use. At best, they will tell you that these products or methods have not proven to be effective, and at worst, that they can be harmful. Don't believe it. None of these products or methods are harmful. Remember that some of them have been used as natural remedies for thousands of years. And don't forget that China has successfully mastered COVID-19, using some of these relatively simple and inexpensive drugs.Few doctors know these practical, simple and inexpensive remedies. The media, under pressure from giants of the pharmaceutical industry and government agencies that comply with it, were asked to censor this valuable information. Neglect or inability to publicize these readily available remedies takes their toll.The role of Bill Gates and locking. Bill Gates may have been one of Trump's "advisers", suggesting that he extend the "return to work" date at least until the end of April, and, if Gates wants it, at least until in June. It remains to be seen. Gates is very - very powerful:Bill Gates Says US Has Missed Chance to Avoid Coronavirus Closure and Businesses Should Stay Closed. The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation will be the source of the organization of mass vaccination which should be launched in the period following containment.The vaccination association includes the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations ( CEPI ), a semi-NGO, to which NIH / NIAID has entrusted the supervision of the vaccination program - with the support of Bill Gates; GAVI, the Global Alliance for Vaccines and Immunization - also a creation of Bill Gates, supported by WHO, also heavily funded by the Gates Foundation; the World Bank and UNICEF; as well as a myriad of pharmaceutical partners.Bill Gates also strongly suggests that travelers must have a vaccination certificate in their passports before boarding a plane or entering a country.The implementation of the program, including a related global electronic identity program, possibly administered using nanos chips that could be integrated into the vaccine itself, would be overseen by the little-known agency Agenda ID2020, which is also an initiative from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.Bill Gates is also known as a fervent proponent of a drastic and selective reduction of the population. Knowing what we know, who would trust any vaccine with the signature of Bill Gates. The hope that this evil enterprise will not succeed is very important. Economic war against China. The US strategy is to use COVID-19 to isolate China, despite the fact that the US economy relies heavily on Chinese imports.The short-term disorganization of the Chinese economy is largely due to the (temporary) closure of trade and transportation circuits.The public health emergency declared by the WHO is combined with media misinformation and a ban on flights to China. Panic on Wall Street. Media disinformation has taken on another dimension by causing panic on the stock markets. Fear of the coronavirus has led to a fall in financial markets around the world. According to reports, the value of the world's stock markets has plummeted by around $ 6 trillion. This decline has so far been on the order of "15% or more".This causes massive losses in personal savings (ie, average Americans), to which are added personal bankruptcies and corporate bankruptcies.It is also a boon for institutional speculators, especially for corporate hedge funds. The financial meltdown leads to large transfers of monetary wealth in the pockets of a handful of financial institutions.The most ironic is that analysts casually link the collapse of the markets to the spread of the virus, when there are only 64 confirmed cases in the USA."No wonder the markets are going down ... the virus has grown so much ..."Could we "predict" the financial crash of February? It would be naive to believe that the financial crisis was only due to market forces that responded spontaneously to the spread of COVID-19. The market was already carefully manipulated by powerful players who use speculative instruments in the derivatives markets, including "short selling". The unspoken objective is the concentration of wealth. It was quite a financial boon for the "insiders" who knew in advance what would lead to WHO's decision to declare a public health emergency of international concern on January 30.Was the COVID-19 (nCoV-2019) pandemic known in advance? What are the likely repercussions?On October 18, 2019, the Johns Hopkins Center for Health Security in Baltimore undertook a carefully crafted simulation exercise of a coronavirus outbreak called nCoV-2019. In the exercise called Event 201 Simulation of a Coronavirus Pandemic , we “simulated” a stock market fall of 15%. It was not "planned" according to event organizers and sponsors, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and the World Economic Forum.The simulation carried out in October called nCoV-2019 took place barely two months before the appearance of COVID-19. John Hopkins' pandemic simulation simulated a stock market drop of "  15% or more  " (video, section 0.0 - 1'2 ″), which largely corresponds to the drop that really took place at the end of February 2020. Many aspects of this "simulation exercise" actually correspond to what actually happened when the Director-General of WHO declared a public health emergency of international concern on January 30, 2020. What needs to be understood is that those who sponsored the John Hopkins Center “simulation exercise” are powerful and knowledgeable in the areas of “global health” (B. and M. Gates Foundation) and "The world economy" (GEF).It should also be noted that WHO initially adopted a similar acronym (to denote the coronavirus) to that of the John Hopkins Center Pandemic Simulation Exercise ( nCoV-2019 ) before changing it to COVID-19. Corruption and the role of WHO.What motivated the WHO Director General, Dr.  Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus , to declare that the Ncov-2019 is a "public health emergency of international concern" on 30 January, when the epidemic was largely confined to mainland China?Everything suggests that the Director General of WHO Tedros served the interests of powerful corporate partners.According to F. William Engdahl , Tedros has long-standing ties to the Clintons and the Clinton Foundation. He is also closely linked to the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. Along with the World Economic Forum in Davos, the Gates Foundation sponsored the John Hopkins nCoV-2019 “simulation exercise”.As Minister of Health, Tedros also chaired the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria, of which the Gates Foundation was the co-founder. The Global Fund has been marred by fraud and corruption scandals. "During the three-year campaign by Tedros to get his post at WHO, he was accused of hiding three major cholera epidemics while he was Ethiopia's Minister of Health, falsely qualifying the cases "acute watery diarrhea" (a symptom of cholera), to minimize the scale of the epidemic, an accusation he denied. (Engdahl, op. Cit.).A massive vaccine development campaign has been ordered by WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus. Many pharmaceutical companies are already working on it.In this regard, it is important to recall the fraud of the WHO during the mandate of its predecessor, Dr Margaret Chan , who said this about the H1N1 swine flu pandemic in 2009: Vaccine manufacturers can produce 4.9 billion influenza vaccines a year at best. ( Margaret Chan, executive director of the World Health Organization , cited by Reuters on July 21, 2009, underline added).There was no H1N1 pandemic in 2009. It was a fraud to make money, as revealed by the European Parliament. What is the next step in the COVID-19 pandemic? Is it a fake or a true pandemic?The propaganda against China is not over.Nor is the "fear pandemic" outside of China, despite the really low number of "confirmed cases".The financial crisis continues, supported by media disinformation and financial interference.If normal business relationships (and transportation) between the US and China are not restored, the delivery of "Made in China" consumer goods exported to the United States will be jeopardized.This situation could trigger a major crisis in the retail trade in the USA, where “Made in China” goods constitute a significant part of monthly household consumption. From a public health perspective, the prospects for eliminating COVID-19 in China are favorable. Progress has already been reported. In the rest of the world (where there were approximately 3,000 confirmed cases on February 28, 2020), the COVID-19 pandemic continues, along with propaganda for a global vaccination program.Without a fear campaign combined with fake news, COVID-19 would not have made headlines.From a medical point of view, is global vaccination indicated?. 43.3% of "confirmed cases" in China are now considered "recovered" (see graph above). Western reports do not distinguish between "confirmed cases" and "confirmed infected cases". It is the latter cases that are relevant. The trend is towards a recovery and a decrease in "confirmed infected cases".The WHO massive vaccination campaign (mentioned above) was duly confirmed by its Director-General, Dr Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus , on February 28:“… More than 20 vaccines are being developed worldwide and several therapeutic products are undergoing clinical trials, the first results of which are expected in“ a few weeks ”. (emphasis added). It goes without saying that this WHO decision constitutes another financial windfall for the five main vaccine producers: GlaxoSmithKline, Novartis, Merck & Co., Sanofi, and Pfizer, which control 85% of the vaccine market. According to CNBC:  (emphasis added). These companies have entered the race to fight the deadly coronavirus and are working on programs to create vaccines or drugs ... Sanofi is teaming up with the US government to develop a vaccine against the new virus , hoping that its work on the the 2003 SARS outbreak will speed up the process. In 2019, Merck earned $ 8.4 billion in revenues from the vaccine market, a growing segment at an annual rate of 9% since 2010, according to Bernstein.GlaxoSmithKline announced this month its partnership with the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations [CEPI] for a vaccination program ... CEPI was launched at the 2017 World Economic Forum.Interestingly, CEPI launched in Davos in 2017 is supported by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, the Wellcome Trust (a multi-billion dollar British humanitarian foundation) and the World Economic Forum. The governments of Norway and India are members and their role is mainly to finance CEPI.Chronology. October 18, 2019  : The B. and M. Gates Foundation and the World Economic Forum are partners in the pandemic “simulation exercise” at nCoV-2019 conducted by the John Hopkins Center for Health Security in October 2019.December 31, 2019  : China alerts the WHO to the discovery of several cases of "unusual pneumonia" in Wuhan, Hubei province.January 7, 2020  : Chinese officials say they have identified a new virus. WHO names the new virus 2019-nCoV ( exactly the same name as the virus which was the object of the simulation exercise of the John Hopkins Center, except the placement of the date).January 24-25, 2020  : Davos Summit under the auspices of CEPI, which is also the fruit of a partnership between the World Economic Forum and the Gates Foundation, during which the development of a vaccine against the 2019 nCoV is announced (2 weeks after the announcement of January 7, 2020 and barely a week before the declaration of a public health emergency of international scope by the WHO). January 30, 2020  : The WHO director declares a "public health emergency of international concern". Now a vaccination campaign has been launched to stop COVID-19 under the auspices of CEPI in partnership with GlaxoSmithKline. Conclusion. COVID-19 (aka nCoV-2019) represents a treasure worth billions of dollars for large pharmaceutical companies. But it also contributes to precipitating humanity into a dangerous process of economic, social and geopolitical destabilization.|0
There is a raging debate in our government. How should America respond to the Coronavirus crisis? With therapeutic drugs? Or with a vaccine? Dr. Anthony Fauci, Director of National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Disease, is predictably shining a spotlight on risky and uncertain coronavirus vaccines that may not be available for two years, rather than prioritizing the short-term therapies that patients need right now.In light of the immunity from liability guaranteed by the PREP Act during declared emergencies, fast-tracked vaccines are a sweetheart deal for both biopharma and government. Will Big Pharma and biotech companies be allowed to cash in on this catastrophe with speculative, patentable vaccines at the expense of the therapeutics needed to save lives now?For more details, read the CHD article titled: Dr. Fauci and COVID-19 Priorities: Therapeutics Now or Vaccines Later?|0
One of the biggest challenges designing a strategy to address MERS with herbs is that the virus is relatively new and unknown. So, I chose to look at what is known to form the basis of my best “educated guess”, such as:the nature of coronaviruses, the symptoms of MERS, herbs with known antiviral actions, existing herbal recommendations for SARS, with which MERS has much in common, more details about viruses in general than I ever wanted to know, Viruses are strands of either DNA or RNA. They have no cell wall, but some are called “encapsulated” as they are covered in a layer of protein, the shape of which is unique to that virus strain. Once inside the body, the virus moves into the cells and is able to incorporate either DNA or RNA from the host into itself.DNA viruses tend to be more stable and mutate less, while RNA viruses tend to have far more fluctuation and mutate easily. Where DNA viruses make billions of stable copies of itself, RNA viruses make billions of copies with lots of variation.Coronaviruses present some unique challenges as an RNA virus.Because RNA viruses mutate frequently, it is not reasonable to expect a vaccine to come to market and be effective for any length of time. RNA viruses are highly adaptable, and their variation allows for responsiveness. However, coronaviruses have the largest genome of all RNA viruses (that we know of), and therefore have a real potential forIf a vaccine or other pharmaceutical were developed, neither would be useful for long. New vaccines would have to be made on an ongoing basis, which can take 3-6 months to develop. In the meantime, infected persons would be traveling and carrying the virus with them into new territory.In this case, herbal and plant-based remedies *may* have the edge over pharmaceuticals due to their complex and synergistic nature, whereas pharmaceuticals focus on singular active ingredients. Plants, by their very nature, are a complex and unique combination of chemical constituents, which are far more challenging to both bacteria and viral infections.While MERS is a relatively new virus, it is very similar to another coronavirus, SARS (Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome). A study was done and published in the Lancet detailing the similarities and differences between the two. To read more about this study, click here and here. Similarities include: Incubation periods (4-5 days), Presenting symptoms (very similar to influenza), Lung Pathology (potential for pneumonia and cytokine storms). The study found,“Most patients admitted to hospital exhibited fever (98%), chills/rigors (87%), cough (83%), shortness of breath (72%), and muscle pain (32%). A quarter of patients also experienced gastrointestinal symptoms, including diarrhea and vomiting.”This study is almost a year old, and several things have changed. The mortality rate has dropped from 60% to 30%. As awareness and better identification of MERS grows, more of the mild cases are being reported. It seems that the cases that ended in death of the patient correlate to patients who had pre-existing conditions, especially diabetes. According to the study,“However, in contrast to SARS, the majority of cases (96%) occurred in people with underlying chronic medical conditions including diabetes (68%), high blood pressure (34%), chronic heart disease (28%), and chronic renal disease (49%).”All of these details tell us a number of very useful things to develop an herbal strategy for MERS.The similarities between SARS and MERS mean that herbs that are effective for SARS are most likely effective for MERS. Herbs long-used for comfort measures against influenza would likely be effective to provide comfort against MERS.Addressing pre-existing conditions with herbs is likely a good way to prevent a mild case of MERS from becoming a serious case or worse, a fatality.Herbs with strong anti-viral properties that also protect against cytokine storms would be very useful.Herbs Used In Fighting Coronaviruses.Below is a list of herbs and essential oils that meet these objectives. These are either antiviral or supporting, syngeristic herbs. It will take several more posts to details what they can do and how to make herbal remedies with them. As I write them, I will link back to this page.Chinese Skullcap, Scutellaria baicalensis (not American Skullcap)Licorice, Glycyrrhiza glabra (used as a synergist- with other herbs, not by itself). Kudzu, Pueraria lobataGinko biloba.Angelica sinensis.Astragalus mongholicus.Japanese knotweed, Polygonum cuspidatum.Rhodiola rosea.Cordyceps sinensis.Olive leaf, Olea europaea.Elder, Sambucus nigra.Cinnamon, Cinnamomum zeylanicum.Berberine herbs.Red Root, Ceanothus americanus.Cleavers, Galium aparine.Salvia miltiorrhiza.Dyer’s Woad, Isatis tinctoria.The following herbs are beneficial for influenza relief, and would likely be helpful for the symptoms associated with MERS (those influenza herbs that are also included above are not duplicated below):Echinacea angustafolia.Ginger, Zingiber officinale.Pleurisy root, Asclepias tuberosa. Cayenne, Capsicum annum.Elecampane, Inula helenium.Hyssop, Hyssopus officinalis.Slippery or Siberian Elm, Ulmus rubra.Boneset, Eupatorium perfoliatum.Horehound, Marrubium vulgare.Sage, Salvia officinalis.Marshmallow, Althaea officinalis.Clove, Syzygium aromaticum.Coltsfoot, Tussilago farfara.Mullein leaf, Verbascum densiflorum. Peppermint, Mentha piperita.Thyme, Thymus vulgaris.Garlic, Allium sativum.Horseradish, Armoracia rusticana.Lemon, Citrus limon.Honey. Essential Oils.The oils listed below each assist the respiratory system. Some are better for children, some are better for adults who can handle a more intense essential oil. Use these oils with Warning: DO NOT INGEST! These oils are to be taken through INHALATION ONLY! I am quite aware of the multi-level marketing companies out there that tout ingestion as the end all be all for every ailment known to humankind. The casual manner in which such potent oils are being used is a dangerous practice, especially in the hands of sales reps with no aromatherapy training. There is a time and place for ingesting oils. This isn’t it.Thyme, Thymus vulgaris.Oregano, Origanum vulgare.Eucalyptus, Eucalyptus globulus.Rosemary, Rosmarinus officinalis.Lavender, Lavandula angustifolia.Sage, Salvia officinalis.Additionally, herbs indicated for diabetes, hypertension, cardiac issues, and kidney problems, dietary changes that improve these conditions, plus any other steps you can take to improve illnesses such as these should be implemented now. MERS is far more deadly to people already experiencing chronic disease.|0
A few days ago, Dr. Tedros, the Director General of the World Health Organization (WHO) repeated what he said already a few weeks ago, that there are about 20 pharmaceutical laboratories throughout the world that are developing a vaccine for the novel coronavirus, named COVID-19, also called 2019-nCOV, or SARS-CoV-2. For the layman, it is just a stronger mutation of the Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) virus, that broke out in 2002 / 2003, also in China. To be sure, a mutation made in a laboratory. In a US high-security biological warfare laboratory. In other words, both SARS and COVID-19 – among many other bio-war agents – were made in the US.And now, the chaotic western-style race of private corporations for a vaccine wanting to outdo one another, has begun.Who is first to develop a vaccine? – It’s a fierce competition to establish a patent, a monopoly – for a possibly multi trillion-dollar business. Its western neoliberal capitalism at its very worst – or best, depending on the angle from where one looks.There are no words to describe this chaotic fever for profit over human wellbeing. It has nothing to do with health, with healing sick and suffering, possibly dying people. It’s all about money. Hundreds of billions, if not trillion of profit for the pharmaceutical oligarch and their associated research laboratories and enterprises. And even more so, if the WHO-declared “pandemic” (sic) will prompt a forced vaccination campaign, enhanced by military and police surveillance.Let’s put COVID-19 in context. As of 23 March 2020 (18:33 GMT), and according to WHO statistics, reported worldwide cases are 372,572; deaths 16,313; recovered 101,373 – a death rate of 4.37%. However, these figures must be considered with caution. In many countries, especially developing economies, accurate testing may be a problem. Test kits are often not available, or not reliable. So, may people who go to the doctor with some flu symptoms are possibly falsely diagnosed as COVID-19 victims, as it serves the publicity hype.Miscalculations and false reporting may even occur in the United States. Mr. Robert Redfield, CEO of the US Center for Disease Control (CDC), testified before Congress that CDC does no longer carry out regular tests, that these were carried out at State-level and only in extreme cases. See also this reference form the LA Times of California measures and directives.By comparison, the US CDC estimates that in the 2019 / 2020 flu season in the US alone, some 38 to 54 million people may catch the common flu, and 23,000 to 59,000 may die from it. The vast majority of these deaths will be elderly people above 70-years of age and many of them with pre-health conditions and /or pre-existing respiratory problems. This is pretty much the same disease and death pattern as with COVID-19. Expanding these common flu figures linearly on a worldwide scale would result in hundreds of thousands of flu deaths. In the particularly strong 2017-2018 US flu season, an estimated 60,000 people died from the flu in the US alone. The reader may himself judge whether WHO was justified declaring COVID-19 a “pandemic” — or whether there may have been – just perhaps – another agenda behind it?The vaccine that might eventually be applied to COVID-19, may most likely no longer be valid for the next coronavirus outbreak – which, also according to Mr. Redfield, CDC, will most probably occur. A later virus may most certainly have mutated. It’s quite similar to the common flu virus. In fact, the annually reoccurring common flu virus contains a proportion of 10% to 15% (some times more) of coronaviruses.The effectiveness of the annual flu vaccines is on average less than 50%, not to mention all the potential harmful side effects, they carry along. COVID-19 is very similar to influenza. Will a corona virus vaccine be equally weak in protecting a potential patient from a future infection?Cooperation instead of competition, doesn’t occur in the west. It’s all profit-driven. With a number of different vaccines from different pharma giants coming on the market, who will tell the patient which one is the best, most suitable for the patient’s condition? It smells like an utter chaotic scam.The real question is – are vaccines – or a vaccine – even necessary? Maybe – maybe not. The production of vaccines is pushed for profit motives and for an important political agenda for a New World Order – that has been planned to change human life as we know it, or thought we knew it. See further explanations below.Vaccines don’t heal, they may prevent the virus from hitting as hard as it might otherwise do, or not at all, depending on the age, physical and health condition of a person. Worldwide statistics show that usually a person up to the age of 40 or 50, who is infected by the COVID-19, has none or only slight symptoms, nothing to worry about.Should symptoms show up, staying home, resting and using traditional, age-old medicine, the same that might be used for the common flu, might be enough to get rid of the virus. This might resolve the disease within one or two weeks. Then, the person will be naturally “vaccinated” against this strand of coronavirus. Elderly people above 65 or 70 may be more at risk and special attention may be in order – separated from crowds, isolation during a two-week quarantine (the incubation period), while the rest of society goes on with life as normal as possible, thereby reducing the huge cost to society.China has brought the COVID-19 pandemic under control without a vaccine, but using common sense and traditional, rather inexpensive medication. What are these regular medicines that are effective and have helped to bring COVID-19 under control in China, without a vaccine?The “Children’s Health Defense” (the Children’s Defense Fund – CDF), an American NGO, founded 1973 by Robert F. Kennedy, Jr., depicts the current power struggle in France between health official and the country’s leading experts in virology, as representative for the worldwide fight between corporate pharma supported by (bought) governments and international organizations, such as WHO – and renowned scientists. If laid open, it is an eye-opener. See full CDF study.French Professor Didier Raoult, who is one of the world’s top 5 scientists on communicable diseases, argued that the approach of mass quarantine is both inefficient and outdated and that large-scale testing and treatment of suspected cases achieves far better results.Early on, Dr. Raoult suggested the use of hydroxychloroquine (Chloroquine or Plaquenil), a well-known, simple, and inexpensive drug, also used to fight Malaria, and that has shown efficacy with previous coronaviruses such as SARS. By mid-February 2020, clinical trials at his institute and in China already confirmed that the drug could reduce the viral load and bring spectacular improvement. The Chinese scientists published their first trials on more than 100 patients and announced that the Chinese National Health Commission would recommend Chloroquine in their new guidelines to treat Covid-19.In addition, China and Cuba are working together with the use of Interferon Alpha 2B, a highly efficient anti-viral drug developed in Cuba some 39 years, but little known to the world, because of the US imposed embargo on anything from Cuba. Interferon has also proven to be very effective in fighting COVID-19 and is now produced in a joint-venture in China.Chinese researchers in cooperation with Cuban scientists are also developing a vaccine which may soon be ready for testing. In contrast to the west, working exclusively on profit-motives, the Chinese-Cuban vaccine would be made available at low cost to the entire world.Other simple, but effective remedies include the use of heavy doses of Vitamin C, as well as Vitamin D3, or more generally the use of Micronutrients essential to fight infections, include vitamins A, B, C, D, and E.Another remedy that has been used for thousands of years by ancient Chinese, Romans and Egyptians, are Colloidal silver products. They come in forms to be administered as a liquid by mouth, or injected, or applied to the skin. Colloidal silver products are boosting the immune system, fighting bacteria and viruses, and have been used for treating cancer, HIV/AIDS, shingles, herpes, eye ailments, prostatitis – and COVID-19.Yet another simple and inexpensive remedy, to be used in combination with others, is menthol-based “Mentholatum”. It’s used for common flu and cold symptoms. Rubbed on and around the nose, it acts as a disinfectant and prevents germs to enter the respiratory track.Northern Italy and New Orleans report that an unusual number of patients had to be hospitalized in Intensive Care Units (ICU) and be put 24×7 on a 90% strength respirator, with some of them remaining unresponsive, going into respiratory failure. The reported death rate is about 40%. The condition is called acute respiratory distress syndrome, ARDS. That means the lungs are filled with fluid. When this description of ARDS episodes applies, Dr. Raoult and other medical colleagues recommend COVID-19 patients to “sleep sitting up” until they are cured. This helps drain the liquid out of the lungs. The method has been known to work successfully since it was first documented during the 1918 Spanish Flu epidemic.As you may expect, if you look up any of these alternative cures on internet – internet controlled by Google and the Big Corporatocracy, including the pharmaceuticals, will logically advise you against using them. At best they will tell you that these products or methods have not proven effective, and at worst, that they may be harmful. Don’t believe it. None of these products or methods are harmful. Remember, some of them have been used as natural remedies for thousands of years. And remember, China has successfully come to grips with COVID-19, using some of these relatively simple and inexpensive medications.Unfortunately, few doctors are aware of these practical, simple and inexpensive remedies. They are safe and more often than not successful. The media, under pressure from the pharma giants and the compliant government agencies, have been requested to censoring such valuable information. The negligence or failure, to make such easily accessible remedies public knowledge is killing people.Now, let’s cut to the chase, to what’s behind it all – behind the extraordinary monstrous media propaganda hype that is bringing down the entire (western) world’s socioeconomic system, creating untold misery, famine, and death. A misery with suffering potentially by orders of magnitude worse than the Big Depression of 1928 / 1929 and the subsequent years.If anybody had any doubts up to now, where the virus originated, the truth was dropped surreptitiously, a slip of the tongue or on purpose, by Secretary of State, Mike Pompeo, when he addressed the Nation on 21 March on COVID-19, he said, “This is not about retribution, we are in a live exercise here…”, meaning military exercise, or a war game.President Trump by Pompeo’s side was whispering, “you should have let us know”. Whatever that means. It’s hard to believe that Mr. Trump didn’t know. But these are the vagaries of American politics, even on a death-serious subject like the new coronavirus breakout. See here with a brief video. See this also.This live (military) exercise has unimaginable worldwide implications which may completely transform our lives. It’s economic warfare. Almost every country on this planet is on some kind of a lock-down, a quarantine of sorts for an as of yet undetermined period, with businesses closed, shops and restaurants shot, construction sites halted, people working from home if they can, being in the streets is forbidden, in many countries under police and military surveillance, with cases of people being beaten up and hand-cuffed, if they have no good explanation.The President Macron-inspired French police is especially known for its uncontrolled brutality fighting the Yellow Vests. They have already demonstrated their same despise for their fellow citizens, when they are in the streets, even food shopping, without a special permit.Borders are shot, airlines are grounded, tourism comes to a screeching halt, basically from one day to the other, stranded throughout the world. With a few exceptions, Germany and France are rare ones, they organize return flights for their citizens abroad. Otherwise, with uncertain flight departures, over-booked and over-crowded flights, the stranded tourists have hardly a chance to return home soon.The socioeconomic cost is astronomical. In the multi-quadrillion, or quintillion; numbers with so many zeros they make you dizzy. This calamity can only partly be valued with numbers, and not now, as the world’s lock-down continues – with a social cost that cannot be valued. The dive of the stock market by about 30% – a typical bonanza for forward speculators and Big Finance, Big Banking, with multi-trillion-dollar losses for the small investors.Millions, if not hundreds of millions of small and medium size businesses going broke, unemployment going rampant, in the hundreds of millions, throughout the world, and the poorest of the poor, especially in developing countries, who are either unemployed or survive on small hourly or day-to-day jobs – they have no income, cannot buy the basics for survival – some of them may die from famine, others may commit suicide, others convert to crime. This is Greece by a factor of thousand, or worse.Then, there is a moral and societal breakdown from a forced quarantine, for which there is no clear end in sight. This creates fear and anxieties, frustration and anger.  For many it’s like solitary confinement – all of which is bad for health, and lowers the immune defense system. Just what those who pull the strings want.So, whom does this live (military) exercise serve? – First one would assume its destined to break China’s back, as China is the up-and-coming economic power. It is true, China’s economy has suffered enormously, with about 60% to 70% of all production stopped for the first two months this year, the time of the COVID-19 outbreak and peak, meaning a significant plunge of China’s GDP, maybe as much as 40% for January and February 2020.However, China has the corona virus now firmly under control. And China being China, her economy is recovering fast and may soon be back to what it was in December 2019. In fact, despite the significant impact of COVID-19, China’s economy may soon overtake that of the self-styled empire, the United States of America. China’s currency the yuan, is solidly backed by a strong economy and by gold, and is slated to become the world’s chief reserve currency, replacing the US-dollar, which had that role for the last 100 years. When that happens, the US hegemony is doomed.It goes without saying, our monetary system is planned to be fully electronic, no more cash – cash is poison – or as WHO’s Director General recently warned, not verbatim, but with that meaning, cash is dangerous for infections, paper money and coins may carry deadly viruses – thereby paving the way for full digitization of our monetary system. This has, indeed, already been tested over the past few years, mainly in Scandinavian countries, where entire department stores refuse to accept cash. In response to the WHO DG’s recommendation, some shops and restaurants in Germany refuse to accept cash.The universal vaccination and electronic ID go together and will first be tested in a few developing countries. Bangladesh is one of them. The vaccination program is the platform for the mega-changes the New World Order (NOW), or the One World Order (OWO) wants to bring about. This, in addition to the enormous money-making bonanza.An almost unknown agency called Agenda ID2020 is behind all this, monitoring, directing and adjusting the implementation of the various programs – that are supposed to eventually lead to Full Spectrum Dominance. For more details, see also the recent article on the dangers of Agenda ID2020.Behind this elaborate and complex network of things, appears time and again, one prominent name: Bill Gates, the Bill and Melinda Gate’s Foundation. Bill Gates has been funding vaccination programs in Africa for decades. And Bill Gates and the Rockefellers make no secret that one of their ultimate goal for planet earth is a drastic population reduction.Abstract of Agenda ID2020.Agenda ID2020 – is an alliance of public-private partners, including UN agencies and civil society. It’s an electronic ID program that uses generalized vaccination as a platform for digital identity. The program harnesses existing birth registration and vaccination operations to provide newborns with a portable and persistent biometrically-linked digital identity.GAVI, the Global Alliance for Vaccines and Immunization, identifies itself on its website as a global health partnership of public and private sector organizations dedicated to “immunization for all”. GAVI is supported by WHO, and needless to say, its main partners and sponsors are the pharma-industry.The ID2020 Alliance at their 2019 Summit, entitled “Rising to the Good ID Challenge”, in September 2019 in New York, decided to roll out their program in 2020, a decision confirmed by the WEF in January 2020 in Davos. Their digital identity program will be tested with the government of Bangladesh. GAVI, the Vaccine Alliance, and “partners from academia and humanitarian relief” (as they call it), are part of the pioneer party.Is it just a coincidence that ID2020 is being rolled out at the onset of what WHO calls a Pandemic? – Or is a pandemic needed to ‘roll out’ the multiple devastating programs of ID2020?How the Vaccination Research and Production is supposed to work.How will this elaborate and complex business of creating vaccines and implementing vaccine campaign work? As most official activities that basically are government responsibilities are privatized and outsourced, they become complex, chaotic at times and inefficient. In the case of the west, the US pretends to take the lead, but will also assign responsibilities to European pharma-labs.The National Institute of Health (NIH) has overall responsibility for national health research and program implementation. NIH’s Director is Anthony Fauci. The Institute was created in 1955. Under NIH, the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID), one of 27 institutes, reporting to NIH, is responsible for vaccination programs. NIAD’s mission is to conduct basic and applied research to better understand, treat and prevent infectious, immunologic and allergic diseases. NIAD has outsourced the vaccination program to the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations (CEPI).CEPI was formed by the WEF (World Economic Forum) in Davos in January 2017. It was founded by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation (BMGF) and the London-based Welcome Trust, created in 1936, but including now as members several European countries and the European Union (EU). The BMGF made a first infusion to CEPI of US$ 460 million. CEPI also receives funding from Norway and India and is also heavily supported by the pharma-industry.According to CEPI’s website, CEPI has appealed for US$ 2 billion to support the development of a vaccine for COVID-19 and to expand the number of vaccine candidates to increase the chances of success and to fund the clinical trials for these candidate vaccines. CEPI’s ambition is to have at least three vaccine candidates, which could be submitted to regulatory authorities for licensing for general use/use in outbreaks.“Governments around the world will need to invest billions of euros more in coronavirus vaccine development, to take forward some promising candidates that are emerging.  – It’s a very risky business – everything is being done in parallel, you’re not building on the expertise of others – but good progress is being made,” said Melanie Saville, director of vaccine research and development at CEPI.CEPI has already some preselected international pharma corporations to research and work on a COVID-19 vaccine. They include the biotech “Moderna” in Seattle, not far from the Microsoft Headquarters – also a Bill Gates creation; the biotech lab Inovio, the University of Queensland, Australia, and the Germans, BioNTech and CureVac.rom the outset it looks that Moderna, CureVac and BioNTech are best suited to produce fast a vaccine, because according to a Health and Science report, published on March 17, 2020, “all three of these firms specialize in messenger RNA (mRNA) therapeutics. These mRNA molecules are used to instruct the body to produce its own immune response to fight a range of different diseases. This type of vaccine can potentially be developed and produced more quickly than traditional vaccines.”Enters GAVI – the Global Alliance for Vaccines and Immunization has also been created by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. It is a global health partnership of public and private sector organizations, dedicated to “immunization for all”. GAVI is supported by WHO, and needless to say, its main partners and sponsors are the pharma-industry. GAVI has already announced it needs billions of dollars to support its COVID-19 vaccination program. In June 2020, the UK Government will sponsor a donor conference in support of GAVI’s COVID-19 vaccination program, expecting to raise US$ 7.3 billion.From this maze of overlapping organizations, activities and unclear responsibilities, the money-flow is likely going to be a crisscross that nobody can follow. Accountability on a large scale will be lost.As to the output – hopefully a vaccine – or several vaccines. For the layman and potential patient, it will be a matter of luck (or bad luck) what cocktail of biological substances will be injected into his or her body. In any case, the long-term outcome, is unpredictable. Remember, Bill Gates has been pursuing during the last fifteen or twenty years his own very special agenda. It is unlikely he will abandon it now. Rather COVID-19 and the ensuing vaccination program will allow him to enhance it.Concluding – it is amply clear that this is a huge money-making and public-rip-off proposition by the pharma industry. What makes this multi-billion-dollar scam even worse, is that it has an official rubber-stamp, by being supported by western governments and international organizations, foremost WHO, UNICEF and the World Bank.This may be the last opportunity for the elite, the 0.1%, to shuffle social capital and worker funded assets from the bottom to the top, before we enter an era of total control through electromagnetic fields (EMF), managed by the minions of the 0.1% and with 5G / 6G technology, where we, the remaining humans may have become mere tele-guided robots.It is by now a pipe dream to believe that the world may continue as it did until the end of the last decade. It would be too much of a coincidence that Agenda ID2020 started activating its evil programs exactly at the beginning of the decade 2020. Unfortunately, it is also a far-away dream that China and Cuba could lead the way for finding a cure for the most likely recurring coronavirus in one mutation or another – including but not exclusively, using traditional methods and remedies that have proven successful in the current battle to control COVID-19.There are draconian measures on the way, and we may just pray that they fail, or that we, the people, awake in time and in sufficient numbers – a critical mass – and find back to our innermost voice and soul – solidarity for each other that gives us strength to fight this Luciferian monster.|0
More than 27,000 New Yorkers have died since March 11 — 20,900 more than would be expected over this period and thousands more than have been captured by official coronavirus death statistics.As of Sunday, the city had attributed 16,673 deaths to coronavirus, either because people had tested positive for the virus, or because the circumstances of their death meant that city health officials believed the virus to be the most likely cause of death.But there remains a large gap between the 16,673 figure and the total deaths above typical levels in the last six and a half weeks: more than 4,200 people whose deaths are not captured by the official coronavirus toll.The recent death count reached six times the normal number of deaths for the city at this time of year, a surge in deaths much larger than what could be attributed to normal seasonal variations from influenza, heart disease or other more common causes. The city’s largest mass casualty event in recent memory, the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, claimed only a small fraction as many lives.It is too soon to know the precise causes of death for New Yorkers in this period. Although many of the deaths not currently attributed to coronavirus may represent an undercount of the outbreak’s direct toll, the broader effects of the pandemic might have also increased deaths indirectly. Throughout the city, emergency rooms have been overcrowded, ambulance response has been slowed, and many residents might have been reluctant to seek medical care because of fears of contracting the virus. Hospitals around the country have reported reductions in admission for heart attacks, one sign that some people may be dying at home from ailments they would survive during more normal times.The measurements in our chart rely on a New York Times analysis of mortality data from the city’s Department of Health and from the National Center for Health Statistics at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. They capture the number of New York City residents who have died each week since January 2017. The total number of deaths for the period from the start of the outbreak March 11 through April 25 comes from the city health department. The way in which these deaths are distributed by week is an approximation based on how mortality data has lagged in the past.Even with these high totals, the recent numbers in our charts are most likely an undercount of all deaths in the city. In normal times, death certificates take time to be processed and collected, and complete death tallies can take weeks to become final. But even if the current count is perfect, roughly 27,600 New Yorkers have died of all causes since the beginning of the epidemic. That’s about 20,900 more than is typical.|1
If COVID-19 (scientifically known as SARS-CoV-2) had started in Singapore or Taiwan, it would have traveled the world, infected billions of people, killed millions, and there wouldn't have been a single peep about it.  "But it kills people," you cry.  That is what cold and flu do, especially to the elderly and those lacking basic medicines.  The world is panicking over a virus that causes mild colds in the vast majority of cases.  Amid the panic, China is profiting as it buys up stocks at bargain-basement prices.  Instead of engineering a pandemic, did China engineer pandemonium? Before pandemonium, science.  Sudden Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) is characterized by the sudden (within a day or two) development of severe viral pneumonia with a thick mucus that is difficult to treat.  SARS is strongly associated with two strains of coronavirus (SARS-CoV and now SARS-CoV-2).  The pathogenesis of SARS is supposed to go something like this: Day 1: infection with SARS-CoV or SARS-CoV-2.  Day 2: coughing and wheezing for breath.  Day 3: hospitalization on a ventilator.  Day 4: death.  Over 99% of COVID-19 cases have experienced nothing even remotely similar to SARS.  Is SARS-CoV-2 a bunch of hooey? Medicine has a penchant for gaining fame by discovering new diseases by reclassifying old diseases.  When infected with a cold-causing virus, you might get a fever, might have a runny nose, might cough, might have muscle aches, might have a sore throat, and you might get viral pneumonia.  "SARS" is a name for a severe case of viral pneumonia caused by two specific cold viruses, but any cold virus could lead to a SARS-like viral pneumonia.  Don't scoff at colds. There are over 200 viruses that cause the common cold.  Among those are several strains of coronavirus, with a new strain discovered every few years.  Discovery occurs when a lab technician sequences a virus (a rather rare event) and submits to GenBank a previously unpublished sequence.  The newly discovered virus could have been endemic for millennia.  Science makes mistakes, and a lot of scientists can make a lot of mistakes, especially when rushing.  Assuming that the multitude of partial genetic sequences for COVID-19 are genetic sequences for COVID-19, and assuming that the multitude of rapidly developed (and poorly validated) tests for COVID-19 are specific for COVID-19, then COVID-19 rarely leads to SARS.  COVID-19 is a newly identified strain of coronavirus that causes the common cold, and although newly discovered, it could have been endemic for centuries. We fill nursing homes with elderly on their last legs, where they are tended to by orderlies, until one of those orderlies comes to work with a little bit of a runny nose.  "Would you like us to make them comfortable?" is a code phrase for "Would you like us to continue fluffing their pillows while they choke to death from pneumonia and their minds melt from fever?"  Medicine is withheld as they die a natural death from pneumonia indistinguishable from SARS.  Even the young and healthy can die from a cold.  Absent medicines, such as aspirin, decongestants, and expectorants, death from fever, secondary infections, diarrhea, and viral pneumonia is a real possibility.  The common cold would be 100 times more deadly without medicine, just as in the past. This brings us to China, where an advanced socialized medical system is much like the nursing home: no medicine at all.  People reported to hospitals because their common colds were a little more severe than usual.  Perhaps their fevers were unresponsive to the medicines they obtained at the local drugstore, which may not have contained any medicine (1,2,3,4,5).  With so much manufactured in China, you might have paid $300 for a bottle of cornstarch pressed into pills; [insert big-name pharma company here] thanks you.  At the hospital, many patients in Wuhan were carefully evaluated for their worth to society and then led to benches in the halls upon which they could sit while their fevers and coughs got worse and they were otherwise ignored. Meanwhile, the Chinese are profiting immensely from the fire sale, as though they were prepared for it (6,7,8,9,10).  Also consider that China owns large portions of our media companies, and China virtually controls the World Health Organization (WHO).  When this thing started, Trump offered aid to China in the form of virology experts and medicines, but China refused that aid, insisting that everything be done through the WHO.  The WHO assisted in the hype by calling something that looked like a common cold, once it got out of China, a "pandemic." Were the people of Wuhan suffering from a new SARS, the ravages of a common cold exacerbated by socialist medicine, or nothing at all?  COVID-19 rarely causes SARS outside China, so it must be the last one. Did the Chinese government attempt to cover up the embarrassment of its socialized medicine or fabricate a deadly outbreak to panic the world?  Has our scientific arrogance erroneously blamed this on an innocuous common cold, possibly endemic in much of the world, or have we been maliciously misled by the Chinese-controlled WHO?  Was it to cover the embarrassment or advance the fabrication?  Did China orchestrate the media hype, or was it the normal Trump-hate of fake news?  Did the Chinese start a fire sale, or were they well positioned by happenstance? Never attribute to maliciousness that which you can to incompetence, and never attribute to incompetence that which you can to socialism. As COVID-19 turns into an expensive exercise in tracking the progression of a common cold, the Chinese are grinning, but will they smile for long?  The China Model was already collapsing, and the companies and wealth they gained through trickery and deceit have been declining from poor management.  The world is waking up: China was a deal too good to be true, and we need to get out of it before the ineptness and malice of socialism take us all down.|0
While everyone is busy talking about coronavirus, there is a new virus outbreak coming out of China. The virus is called hantavirus. A man in China reportedly died from hantavirus and over 1,000 cases have now been reported. Hantaviruses are a family of viruses spread mainly by rodents and can cause varied disease syndromes in people worldwide, according to U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). Unlike coronavirus and seasonal flu with death rates of under 1 percent, the fatality rate for hantavirus is 36 percent.According to a new report from Chinese state media, a man in China has died after testing positive for the hantavirus, according to Chinese state media. Global Times reported the patient, a migrant worker from southwestern Yunnan Province, died while traveling on a chartered bus to Shandong Province for work on Monday.According to CDC, there is no approved cure or vaccine against hantaviruses in the United States. An inoculation may be available in China. Infection with any hantavirus can produce hantavirus disease in people. There are more than one strains of hantavirus, some more harmful than others. Hantaviruses in the Americas are known as “New World” hantaviruses and may cause hantavirus pulmonary syndrome (HPS).Each hantavirus serotype has a specific rodent host species and is spread to people via aerosolized virus that is shed in urine, feces, and saliva, and less frequently by a bite from an infected host. The most important hantavirus in the United States that can cause HPS is the Sin Nombre virus, spread by the deer mouse.Malaysian Chinese-language newspaper China Press reported Wednesday the patient with the surname Tian was traveling on a bus with 30 migrant workers. It is unclear whether they were also infected. When Tian developed a fever, emergency staff may have suspected a case of the novel coronavirus, according to the report.Southern Metropolis Daily, a Chinese newspaper published in the city of Guangzhou, said Tian’s home province of Yunnan has reported a total of 1,231 hantavirus cases from 2015 to 2019. China developed a vaccine against the virus 20 years ago, which may have lowered fatalities, according to reports.|0
First of all, the naysayers are too late. Vitamin C is already being used to prevent and treat COVID-19 in China and in Korea. And it is working.Here is a verified official statement from China's Xi'an Jiaotong University Second Hospital:"On the afternoon of February 20, 2020, another 4 patients with severe coronavirus pneumonia recovered from the C10 West Ward of Tongji Hospital. In the past 8 patients have been discharged from hospital. . . [H]igh-dose vitamin C achieved good results in clinical applications. We believe that for patients with severe neonatal pneumonia, and for critically ill patients, vitamin C treatment should be initiated as soon as possible after admission. Numerous studies have shown that the dose of vitamin C has a lot to do with the effect of treatment. High-dose vitamin C can not only improve antiviral levels, but more importantly, can prevent and treat acute lung injury (ALI) and acute respiratory distress (ARDS)."Here is a report from Korea:"At my hospital in Daegu, South Korea, all inpatients and all staff members have been using vitamin C orally since last week. Some people this week had a mild fever, headaches and coughs, and those who had symptoms got 30,000 mg intravenous vitamin C. Some people got better after about two days, and most had symptoms go away after one injection."There are at least three high-dose intravenous vitamin C studies underway in China. Literally by the truckload, tons of vitamin C has been sent into Wuhan.Here is a report from a physician in China:"We need to broadcast a message worldwide very quickly: Vitamin C (small or large dose) does no harm to people and is the one of the few, if not the only, agent that has a chance to prevent us from getting, and can treat, COVID-19 infection. When can we, medical doctors and scientists, put patients' lives first?" (Richard Z. Cheng, MD, PhD, International Vitamin C China Epidemic Medical Support Team Leader).News media attacks on vitamin C are centered on false allegations of dangers with megadoses. This tactic lets the media ignore the truth that even LOW doses of vitamin C reduce symptoms and death rates. Do not let the media spin this issue. Advocates of vitamin C are medical doctors, not spin doctors. They are experienced, credentialed clinicians who have read the science, a small sample of which follows.Even small supplemental amounts of vitamin C can keep severely ill patients from dying.Infants with viral pneumonia treated with vitamin C had reduced mortality.17,000 mg/day vitamin C given intravenously shortened intensive care unit stay by 44%.200 mg of vitamin C reduced duration of severe pneumonia in children. Oxygen saturation was improved in less than one day.The Orthomolecular Medicine News Service, and its editorial board of nearly four dozen physicians, academics and health professionals (listed below) feel it is necessary to report on what the advertiser-supported, corporate-controlled commercial media refuses to acknowledge: even small amounts of vitamin C dramatically decrease severity of symptoms, and increase survival rates, among severely ill viral patients. Large doses work better. Intravenous large doses work better still. OMNS has been relentlessly reporting on this for weeks|0
There is no reason to believe that cold weather can kill the new coronavirus or other diseases. The normal human body temperature remains around 36.5°C to 37°C, regardless of the external temperature or weather. The most effective way to protect yourself against the new coronavirus is by frequently cleaning your hands with alcohol-based hand rub or washing them with soap and water.|1
A recent study found that the COVID-19 coronavirus can survive up to four hours on copper, up to 24 hours on cardboard, and up to two to three days on plastic and stainless steel. The researchers also found that this virus can hang out as droplets in the air for up to three hours before they fall. But most often they will fall more quickly.There's a lot we still don't know, such as how different conditions, such as exposure to sunlight, heat, or cold, can affect these survival times.As we learn more, continue to follow the CDC's recommendations for cleaning frequently touched surfaces and objects every day. These include counters, tabletops, doorknobs, bathroom fixtures, toilets, phones, keyboards, tablets, and bedside tables.If surfaces are dirty, first clean them using a detergent and water, then disinfect them. A list of products suitable for use against COVID-19 is available here. This list has been pre-approved by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) for use during the COVID-19 outbreak.In addition, wash your hands for 20 seconds with soap and water after bringing in packages, or after trips to the grocery store or other places where you may have come into contact with infected surfaces.|1
Currently, there is not enough evidence for or against the use of masks (medical or other) in healthy individuals in the wider community. However, WHO is actively studying the rapidly evolving science on masks and continuously updates its guidance.Medical masks are recommended primarily in health care settings, but can be considered in other circumstances (see below). Medical masks should be combined with other key infection prevention and control measures such as hand hygiene and physical distancing.Healthcare workers. Why? Medical masks and respirators such as N95, FFP2 or equivalent are recommended for and should be reserved for, healthcare workers while giving care to patients. Close contact with people with suspected or confirmed COVID-19 and their surrounding environment are the main routes of transmission, which means healthcare workers are the most exposed.People who are sick and exhibiting symptoms of COVID-19. Why? Anyone who is sick, with mild symptoms such as muscle aches, slight cough, sore throat or fatigue, should isolate at home and use a medical mask according to WHO’s recommendation on home care of patients with suspected COVID-19. Coughing, sneezing or talking can generate droplets that cause can spread the infection. These droplets can reach the face of others nearby and land on the surrounding environment. If an infected person coughs, sneezes, or talks while wearing a medical mask, this can help to protect those nearby from infection. If a sick person needs to go to a health facility they should wear a medical mask.Anyone taking care of a person at home who is sick with COVID-19. Why? Those caring for individuals who are sick with COVID-19 should wear a medical mask for protection. Again, close, frequent and prolonged contact with someone with COVID-19 puts caretakers at high risk. National decision makers may also choose to recommend medical mask use for certain individuals using a risk-based approach. This approach takes into consideration the purpose of the mask, risk of exposure and vulnerability of the wearer, the setting, the feasibility of use and the types of masks to be considered.|1
Nurses reporting hospitals are empty mostly. Fake crisis for real goverment (sic) planned agendas. Wait for them|0
Obama Coronavirus kills Americans. In 2015, it was modified in the United States so that it could hit people in China. Before that, he was known only in bats. I got to the USA finally to the creators.|0
Coronavirus 2019-NCoVat, Treatment Has A Home Remedy. This Chinese Wuhan Flu Pneumonia has a non-traditional remedy that has successfully killed coronaviruses from the flu virus to pandemic diseases, in vitro, for over 100 years. . . . If colloidal silver has killed coronavirus strains in past laboratory test, then the current coronaviruses should also be killed. Protect your immune system try Colloidal Silver 1100 PPM Immune Support. The seven coronaviruses that can infect people are: Common human coronaviruses 1. Human coronavirus 229 E (alpha coronavirus) . . . 2. Human coronavirus NL 63 (alpha coronavirus) or HCoV-NL 63 . . . 3. Human coronavirus HCoV-OC 43 (beta coronavirus) (and HCoV-229E,) . . . 3. Human coronavirus HKU1 (beta coronavirus) . . . and a novel coronavirus, coronavirus HKU1 (CoV-HKU1) . . . 4. Human coronavirus MERS-CoV (beta coronavirus) . . . 5. Human coronavirus SARS-CoV (beta coronavirus) . . . 6. Human coronavirus 2019 Novel (never seen before) Coronavirus (2019-nCoV) (beta coronavirus) is a virus (more specifically, a coronavirus) . . . The virus has made the gigantic mutation of now infecting human to human making it one of the most dangerous pandemic viruses. . . . Colloidal Silver is still the only known anti-viral supplement to kill all seven of these Human Coronaviruses.Preventing The Contraction Of The Novel Coronavirus is Elementary. . . . Even though there are no vaccines available to combat these coronaviruses, there is a home remedy of Colloidal Silver 100 ppm that has worked effectively on coronaviruses successfully for the last 123 years. . . . In the mean time (sic) there are some tips to prevent contracting the coronavirus: . . . Use Home remedy, Colloidal silver 1100 PPM, to support immune system. What is Coronavirus Treatment and Prevention? . . . Colloidal silver 1100 PPM, Home remedy for 123 years! (testing showed every known coronavirus killed in 4 min. in vitro) . . . Although there are 650,000 deaths a year from enfluenza, (sic) the regular flu and infects over 2,000,000 deaths from pneumonia a year, these two viruses pale in comparison to the potential danger to the coronavirus flu. It is very contagious and quick to kill. Colloidal Silver kills all viruses. |0
The likelihood of getting infected with SARS-CoV-2 (the virus that causes COVID-19) through export goods originating from China or elsewhere is quite low. Although SARS-CoV-2 can survive on surfaces from 2 hours to 9 days, it is vulnerable to heat, changes in pH, and common disinfectants.  Since SARS-CoV-2 is an enveloped virus (meaning it has a fragile outer layer), it is less stable and more susceptible to disinfectants. Therefore, the risk of an infected person contaminating commercial goods is low—and so is the risk of catching the disease from a package that has been transported and exposed to different conditions (and temperatures).So, feel free to order that dress from China or those leather shoes from Italy. While you are at it, wash your hands and maybe wipe the surface with a disinfectant because informed preventive measures are what we need to stop both COVID-19 and the fear epidemic from spreading.|1
An outbreak of viral pneumonia that began in the central Chinese city of Wuhan at the end of 2019 has sickened more than 200,000 people and led to more than 8,000 deaths worldwide, as of March 18. (See the latest figures here.)Scientists have made rapid progress in understanding the culprit, a new virus in the coronavirus family, which has been named severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2, or SARS-CoV-2. The pneumonia-like disease it causes is called COVID-19.As the virus has spread, however, misinformation has, too. We’ve written about many bogus claims about the new coronavirus spread through social media, as well as false and misleading claims made by politicians. See our Coronavirus Coverage page for a guide to our articles. Here, we answer some key questions about what is known so far about the outbreak and the virus.When did the outbreak begin, and what is the cause?Scientists are still working to determine when the virus first emerged in people, but the earliest known instances of the disease occurred in early December in Wuhan, a city of 11 million in central China. After a string of mysterious pneumonia cases, many of them linked to a seafood market selling wild game and live animals, officials reported the outbreak to the World Health Organization on Dec. 31.By Jan. 7, Chinese authorities had isolated a virus, later named SARS-CoV-2, as the cause of the disease, and shared the genome a few days later. This allowed other countries to test for the virus, and for scientists to begin devising treatments and investigating how the outbreak began.Coronaviruses are a diverse family of large RNA viruses that have characteristic spikes on their surface, making them look like they have a halo, or corona, when viewed under a microscope.Most coronaviruses that infect humans are relatively benign and cause mild respiratory diseases such as the common cold, said Susan Weiss, a coronavirus researcher at the University of Pennsylvania, in a phone interview. But in recent years, new coronaviruses have cropped up that are far more dangerous to humans, including the severe acute respiratory syndrome, or SARS, virus, which led to a global outbreak in 2003, and the Middle East Respiratory Syndrome, or MERS, virus, which was identified in 2012.According to the WHO, SARS ultimately infected more than 8,000 people, killing 774. Since 2012, there have been nearly 2,500 MERS cases and 858 deaths.The new virus is fairly similar to the SARS virus — and is in the same betacoronavirus subgroup as both the SARS and MERS viruses — but is considered a new pathogen.What are the symptoms, and how severe is the disease?The virus causes a pneumonia-like respiratory illness that varies in severity, but can be deadly. Symptoms include fever, cough and shortness of breath. A report in the Lancet that analyzed the first 41 people admitted to the hospital for COVID-19 infection suggests that clinically, the illness is similar to SARS, although fewer patients appear to have diarrhea or upper respiratory symptoms, such as sneezing, a runny nose and sore throat. Some people also report fatigue, and in some cases people have been found to be infected, but clear of any symptoms. Many of the symptoms are common to other respiratory diseases. Lab tests based on the virus’ genetic sequence can confirm infection.It’s not yet known how frequently people die from COVID-19. The reported fatality rates have fluctuated as the disease has spread, hovering around 2-3% in late January, and around 4% as of March 18. For comparison, SARS killed around 10% of infected people, if not more, while seasonal influenza typically kills 0.1% or less, David Fisman, an epidemiologist at the University of Toronto, said in an email.But these estimates, which are simple calculations of the number of deaths relative to the number of known cases, may not accurately reflect how dangerous the virus is, since the disease course is still underway for many patients, Fisman said. It’s also likely that far more people have been infected, but have not gone to hospitals or had their illnesses confirmed. For example, if two-thirds of cases are unreported, he said, the case fatality rate may be significantly lower. (For more on the fatality rate, see our March 5 story “Trump and the Coronavirus Death Rate.”According to a February study by the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention, 14% of cases in mainland China were severe and 5% were critical.Reports indicate that while healthy people can fall seriously ill and die, deaths are primarily in older folks and those with preexisting conditions such as diabetes, cardiovascular disease, chronic respiratory conditions and hypertension.The Chinese CDC study, for instance, found a mortality rate of 14.8% in patients 80 and older and 8% for those 70 to 79, while the overall fatality rate then was 2.3% for cases in mainland China.Similar statistics from Italy bear out this trend. As of March 15, no one in the country below the age of 30 had died from COVID-19, but a fifth or more of those above age 80 with the disease had. In Italy, about 25% of cases have been severe.How is the virus transmitted, and how contagious is it?The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says the new coronavirus is transmitted from person to person in close contact, within about 6 feet of one another.Scientists suspect the transmission is similar to how influenza is spread, with the virus travelling through respiratory droplets when infected people cough or sneeze. This is how scientists believe past coronaviruses such as SARS and MERS have spread.The incubation period, or how long before someone who is infected shows symptoms, is estimated to be around 4 days, but may range from 2 to 14 days, according to the CDC. There is some evidence that asymptomatic people can transmit the virus to others. A March 16 Science study that modeled how the outbreak unfolded in China also found that people who have few or no symptoms may be responsible for the bulk of the disease spread. The CDC, however, says that people are “thought to be most contagious when they are most symptomatic” and that asymptomatic people are “not thought to be the main way the virus spreads.”It also could be possible to contract the disease by touching a contaminated surface and then touching your mouth, nose or even eyes. A study released in mid-March by scientists with the National Institutes of Health, CDC, UCLA and Princeton found the virus could be detected for up to 24 hours on cardboard and much longer on hard surfaces including plastic and stainless steel — for up to two to three days.At a March 18 press conference, coronavirus task force coordinator Dr. Deborah Birx said that “we’re still working out how much is it by human-human transmission and how much is it by surface,” adding that the fundamental guidelines are to avoid exposure to “excess number of persons who could be asymptomatic and infected … and don’t expose yourself to surfaces that could have had the virus on it.”It’s also unclear exactly how infectious the new virus is. Several groups of scientists have attempted to estimate SARS-CoV-2’s basic reproduction number, or R0, which is the average number of other people one person infects, assuming everyone in the population is susceptible.Using a variety of methods, multiple teams have arrived at figures that generally range from 1.5 to 4, which suggest the transmissibility is roughly in line with that of SARS, but below that of the measles virus, which has an R0 of around 12 to 18, and is one of the most infectious viruses in the world.“Despite the diversity of approaches taken there’s remarkable consistency in estimates from highly competent investigators, which seem to fall between 2 and 3,” said Fisman.An early estimate from the WHO, for example, suggested that every infected person would spread the virus to 1.4 to 2.5 people, on average, while a team at Imperial College London pegged the R0 at 2.6. A group at the University of Bern in Switzerland calculated an R0 of 1.4 to 3.8, and Harvard researchers Maia Majumder and Kenneth Mandl estimated a figure between 2 and 3.1.While the figures provide some clue as to how contagious the virus is, it’s important to recognize that these values don’t necessarily say anything about how widespread the outbreak will be. As Majumder pointed out on Twitter, the R0 reflects potential transmission, not actual transmission — and that even though seasonal flu has a relatively low R0 of about 1.3, it causes millions of cases per year, whereas SARS had an R0 between 2 and 5, and led to fewer than 10,000 cases.“Planning, preparedness, and infection control can effectively bring an outbreak of a novel, moderate-R_0 disease to a close even in the absence of vaccines,” Majumder said in a tweet. “Because of this, estimates of R_0 for #nCoV2019 should be viewed as a call to action instead of a reason to panic.”How can people protect themselves from contracting or spreading the virus?The CDC advises people to wash their hands frequently, with soap and water for a minimum of 20 seconds, avoid touching their faces with unwashed hands, avoid close contact with sick individuals, and avoid social interactions generally to prevent community spread.The CDC website provides advice on what to do if you’re sick and other resources.Where have cases been reported?On March 16, the WHO reported that the total cases and deaths outside China had surpassed those in China.As of March 18, there have been 214,894 confirmed cases in 156 countries, from Greenland to the Caribbean nation St. Vincent and the Grenadines to the Maldives. The largest number of those cases — 81,102 — occurred in China.The second-largest total has been in Italy, with 35,713 cases, followed by Iran (17,361), Spain (13,910), Germany (12,327), France (9,052), South Korea (8,413), and the United States (7,769).As of March 18, 8,732 people had died from COVID-19 worldwide.Given the speed of the outbreak, these tallies will be out of date soon after we publish this article. Updates are available on a visualization tool put together by Johns Hopkins University.The CDC also has launched its own state and global maps to show the location of the confirmed cases.What information do we have about the U.S. cases?The CDC announced the first American case on Jan. 21 in a man in his 30s who returned home to Washington state after a trip to Wuhan and then fell ill. Many more cases have followed, and the spread of the epidemic has accelerated.As of March 18, there had been 7,769 cases confirmed in the U.S. But the total number of cases is thought to be quite a bit higher, given the fact that many patients have mild or possibly no symptoms and the U.S. has been slow to implement testing for COVID-19.Cases of COVID-19 have been reported in all 50 states as well as the District of Columbia and the territories of Puerto Rico, Guam and the Virgin Islands. The states with the highest concentration of cases include Washington state, New York state and California.As of March 18, there had been 118 fatal cases in the United States.The Trump administration declared a public health emergency on Jan. 31, one day after the WHO did so, and announced a national emergency on March 13. Two days earlier, the WHO had declared the global outbreak a pandemic. What are the U.S. travel restrictions?The White House has issued a series of travel restrictions, beginning when Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar declared a public health emergency for the new coronavirus and announced travel restrictions to and from China, effective Feb. 2. That policy prohibits non-U.S. citizens, other than the immediate family of U.S. citizens and permanent residents, who have traveled to China within the last two weeks from entering the U.S. The special administrative regions of Hong Kong and Macau were excluded from the restrictions.On Feb. 29, Trump expanded those travel restrictions to Iran. On March 11, those restrictions were extended to 26 European countries: Austria, Belgium, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Italy, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, and Switzerland. Three days later, on March 14, the president added the United Kingdom and Ireland to that list.Although Trump has referred to the restrictions as a “travel ban” and said that he has “closed down the borders to China and to other areas that are very badly affected,” that’s not accurate. The restrictions exempt, for example, legal permanent residents of the U.S. and their immediate families, although there are travel warnings to many countries that Americans are asked to abide by. And although the president said on March 11 that European travel prohibitions would also pertain to a “tremendous amount of trade and cargo,” goods are not affected by the policy.The U.S. temporarily closed its border with Canada to all non-essential traffic, Trump announced via Twitter on March 18.For the latest information on travel restrictions by country, see the State Department’s page on COVID-19 Country Specific Information.To date, there are no travel restrictions on domestic travel. In a press conference on March 16, Trump said, “We think that hopefully we won’t have to do that. But it’s certainly something that we talk about every day. We haven’t made that decision.”The CDC has issued a list of things to consider when deciding whether it is safe to travel domestically, such as whether COVID-19 is spreading in the area where you are going and whether your travel would include “crowded settings, particularly closed-in settings with little air circulation” including conferences, public events or the use of public transportation.For the latest travel information, visit the CDC’s COVID-19 Travel page, which includes information on international travel, cruise ship travel, health notices for each country and information for those returning from high-risk countries.How is the rest of the world responding?Measures taken by China have slowed the spread of new infections there, and some of the other countries that have been most affected are taking steps to prevent more cases within their own borders and abroad. In Italy, which is second to China in the number of coronavirus cases and deaths, a nationwide lockdown went into effect on March 10. Residents can leave their homes for work, for health reasons and for basic needs, such as food shopping. Large gatherings in public spaces are prohibited, and restaurants and bars, which were first ordered to observe a 6 p.m. curfew, have been closed. Sporting events are cancelled, and schools, universities and recreational facilities are closed until at least April 3.Spain recently announced a “state of alarm” and instituted a minimum 15-day lockdown similar to Italy’s, starting March 14. Politico Europe reported that “citizens can leave their homes only to buy groceries and pharmaceutical products, go to the bank or hospital, or to take care of dependents.” The newspaper added: “While on the street, they must be unaccompanied at all times, and while they can go to work, most workplaces are to be closed to the public until further notice.” The decree from Spain’s government also reportedly ordered the closing of “all schools, museums, libraries, hotels and restaurants, and prohibits sporting and cultural activities.”Prior to that order, Spain had prohibited flights from Italy to Spain until March 25.As of March 16, Germany reintroduced border checks at its land borders with Austria, Switzerland, France, Luxembourg and Denmark. Individuals with no valid reason for travel will not be permitted to enter or leave the country — particularly those with symptoms that could indicate they are infected with coronavirus. Also, schools and kindergartens in most German states have been closed until April 20, which is after the Easter holiday.South Korea reportedly has had success reducing its rate of new infections because of its expansive testing program. As of March 17, South Korea had conducted nearly 287,000 tests for the coronavirus, according to the online publication Our World in Data. That was more than the next two countries, combined.The South Korean government is also isolating infected individuals, as well as quarantining people with whom they have had contact, and using a tracking system to monitor their whereabouts to ensure they remain in the quarantine area.Singapore also has been singled-out for its response to the outbreak. As of March 18, the nation of more than 5 million people had 313 confirmed cases of coronavirus and zero deaths, according to data from Johns Hopkins University.In remarks in mid-February, WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said, “Singapore is leaving no stone unturned, testing every case of influenza-like illness and pneumonia.”The island nation also made the decision early to “restrict entry for anyone from mainland China and, more recently, from northern Italy, Iran, and South Korea,” according to a March 6 article in The Lancet.Reports also indicate that Singapore has made great efforts to track down people who have come in contact with infected people, and has strict rules for individuals in quarantine. Researchers in Singapore also were among the first to develop a test that can detect antibodies that remain in the body after someone has recovered from a coronavirus infection.What information do we have on testing for COVID-19?There were numerous problems initially that limited the availability of viral test kits and the number of people being tested in the U.S. We cover those in a March 10 story “The Facts on Coronavirus Testing.”On March 3, Vice President Mike Pence announced that “any American can be tested with no restrictions, subject to doctor’s order.”The CDC now recommends that those experiencing COVID-19 symptoms — including fever, cough and shortness of breath — call their doctor if they have been in “close contact” with someone who has tested positive for COVID-19 or are living in “a community where there is ongoing spread of COVID-19.”Those at high risk, including the elderly and those with certain chronic medical conditions, should be tested “even if their illness is mild,” the CDC says. Although testing is now available in all 50 states, the number of U.S. residents who have been tested remains relatively small.As of March 17, the CDC said that CDC and public health laboratories have tested fewer than 32,000 samples. (The CDC provides daily updates on the number of samples that have been tested.) In addition, commercial labs have tested another 27,000 samples, bringing the total to 59,000, Adm. Brett Giroir, an assistant health secretary, said on March 17.At a March 18 press conference, coronavirus task force coordinator Birx said the government is placing a priority on testing in “regions that were mostly affected. And so you still may have difficulty getting tests in areas that do not have significant cases.”When will there be a COVID-19 vaccine and an antiviral treatment?Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, has said that a vaccine at best won’t be ready for “a year to a year-and-a-half” and won’t be available for the current epidemic.“We can’t rely on a vaccine over the next several months to a year,” Fauci said at a Feb. 27 White House press conference. “However, if this virus, which we have every reason to believe it is quite conceivable that it will happen, will go beyond just a season and come back and recycle next year. If that’s the case, we hope to have a vaccine.”On March 16, the National Institutes of Health announced that a Phase 1 clinical trial has begun at Kaiser Permanente Washington Health Research Institute in Seattle. The trial will involve 45 healthy adults ages 18 to 55 over a six-week period, NIH said.But that is just the first phase of a lengthy process to make sure that the vaccine is effective and safe to use, as Fauci explained at a Feb. 25 press conference.“You need at least three to four months to determine if it’s safe and whether it induces the kind of response that you would predict will be protective,” Fauci said of the Phase 1 trial. “Once you do that you graduate to a much larger trial.”A Phase 2 trial would involve “hundreds if not thousands of individuals to determine efficacy,” Fauci said. “That itself, even at rocket speed, would take at least an additional six to eight months. So when you are talking about the availability of a vaccine even to scale it up you’re talking about a year to a year-and-a-half.As for an antiviral treatment, one could be ready by June at the earliest, officials say.NIH announced on Feb. 25 that it had begun a “randomized, controlled clinical trial to evaluate the safety and efficacy of the investigational antiviral remdesivir in hospitalized adults diagnosed with coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19)” at the University of Nebraska.“Remdesivir, developed by Gilead Sciences Inc., is an investigational broad-spectrum antiviral treatment,” NIH said in a press release. “It was previously tested in humans with Ebola virus disease and has shown promise in animal models for treating Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS) and severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS), which are caused by other coronaviruses.”Daniel O’Day, chairman and CEO of Gilead Sciences, said at a March 2 White House meeting that the company hopes to know by April if the drug works. Fauci said “if the trial that Daniel is talking about proves efficacy, which you likely might know in a few months whether it’s … effective or not. If you know by June that it’s effective, then you just scale up and manufacture it, and you’re good to go.”|1
In a situation where there is no choice — such as if the grandparent lives with the grandchildren — then the family should do everything they can to try to limit the risk of COVID-19. The grandchildren should be isolated as much as possible, as should the parents, so that the overall family risk is as low as possible. Everyone should wash their hands very frequently throughout the day, and surfaces should be wiped clean frequently. Physical contact should be limited to the absolutely necessary; as wonderful as it can be to snuggle with Grandma or Grandpa, now is not the time.|1
In 2019, a mysterious shipment sent from Canada to China was found to contain hidden coronavirus, which Chinese agents working at a Canadian laboratory reportedly stole, obviously without permission.Reports reveal that these Chinese agents were working undercover for the Chinese Biological Warfare Program, and may have infiltrated North America for the sole purpose of hijacking this deadly virus in order to unleash it at a later date.That unleashing could be the coronavirus outbreak that’s currently dominating media headlines – with as many as 44,000 people now infected – despite blame being assigned to contaminated food sold at the Huanan Seafood Market in Wuhan, China – and here’s why.It was back on June 13, 2012, when a 60-year-old man from Saudi Arabia was admitted to a private hospital in Jeddah with a seven-day affliction of fever, cough, expectoration and shortness of breath. The man had no known history of cardiopulmonary or renal disease, was on no medications, and didn’t smoke, and tests revealed that he had become infected with a previously unknown strain of coronavirus.However, tests could not reveal where the man had contracted coronavirus. So, Dr. Ali Mohamed Zaki, the Egyptian virologist who was caring for the man, contacted Ron Fouchier, a premier virologist at the Erasmus Medical Center (EMC) in Rotterdam, The Netherlands, for advice.Fouchier proceeded to sequence a sample of the virus sent to him by Dr. Zaki using a broad-spectrum “pan-coronavirus” real-time polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) method to distinguish it from other strains of coronavirus. He then sent it to Dr. Frank Plummer, the Scientific Director of Canada’s National Microbiology Laboratory (NML) in Winnipeg, on May 4, 2013, where it was replicated for assessment and diagnostic purposes.Scientists in Winnipeg proceeded to test this strain of coronavirus on animals to see which species could catch it. This research was done in conjunction with the Canadian Food Inspection Agency’s national lab, as well as with the National Centre for Foreign Animal Diseases, which is in the same complex as the National Microbiology Laboratory (NML).NML, it’s important to note, has long conducted tests with coronavirus, having isolated and provided the first genome sequence of the SARS coronavirus. This lab had also identified another type of coronavirus, known as NL63, back in 2004.Formerly respected scientist allowed multiple deadly viruses besides coronavirus to be shipped to China. Fast-forward to today, and the recent discovery of the mystery shipment containing coronavirus can be traced all the way back to these samples that were sent to Canada for analysis, suggesting that the current coronavirus outbreak was likely stolen as a bioweapon to be released for just such a time as this.According to reports, the shipment occurred back in March of 2019, which caused a major scandal with biowarfare experts who questioned why Canada was purportedly sending lethal viruses to China. It was later discovered in July that Chinese virologists had stolen. it, and were forcibly dispatched as a result.“The NML is Canada’s only level-4 facility and one of only a few in North America equipped to handle the world’s deadliest diseases, including Ebola, SARS, Coronavirus, etc.,” explains a report by Great Game India, as republished by Zero Hedge.“The NML scientist who was escorted out of the Canadian lab along with her husband, another biologist, and members of her research team is believed to be a Chinese Bio-Warfare agent Xiangguo Qiu,” it goes on to explain, adding that Qiu had served as head of the Vaccine Development and Antiviral Therapies Section of the Special Pathogens Program at Canada’s NML.A formerly respected scientist in China, Qiu began studying powerful viruses in 2006. In 2014, many of these viruses she studied, including not only coronavirus but also Machupo, Junin, Rift Valley Fever, Crimean-Congo Hemorrhagic Fever, and Hendra, all suddenly appeared in China as part of a massive hijacking.Be sure to read the full report at ZeroHedge.com.You can also keep up with the latest coronavirus news by visiting Outbreak.news.|0
Typically between five and seven days, allowing the illness to go undetected.The time it takes for symptoms to appear after a person is infected can be vital for prevention and control. Known as the incubation period, this time can allow health officials to quarantine or observe people who may have been exposed to the virus. But if the incubation period is too long or too short, these measures may be difficult to implement.Some illnesses, like influenza, have a short incubation period of two or three days. People may be shedding infectious virus particles before they exhibit flu symptoms, making it almost impossible to identify and isolate people who have the virus. SARS had an incubation period of about five days, and it took four or five days after symptoms started before sick people could transmit the virus. That gave officials time to stop the virus and effectively contain the outbreak.Officials at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimate that the new coronavirus has an incubation period of two to 14 days. When symptoms do start to appear, they can include fever, cough and difficulty breathing or shortness of breath.But mild cases may simply resemble the flu or a bad cold, and people may be able to pass on the new coronavirus even before they develop obvious symptoms.“That concerns me because it means the infection could elude detection,” said Dr. Mark Denison, an infectious disease expert at Vanderbilt University in Nashville, Tenn.|1
The good news is that cases in children have been very rare.Right now, there’s little reason for parents to worry about their children, the experts say; coronavirus cases in children have been very rare.The flu vaccine is a must, as vaccinating children is good protection for older people. And take the same precautions you would during a normal flu season: Encourage frequent hand-washing, move away from people who appear sick, and get the flu shot.As in airplanes, it’s always best to make sure your metaphorical oxygen mask is on before helping others. When talking to your children about an outbreak, make sure that you first assess their knowledge of the virus and that you process your own anxiety. It’s important that you don’t dismiss their fears and that you speak to them at an age-appropriate level.Be sure to be in communication with your child’s school, including about early dismissals or possible online instruction. Be prepared for schools to close; many districts and universities around the world have already taken that step.It’s also good to communicate with your workplace about child-care concerns that you have.If your children are stuck at home, get some games going, turn on a movie and try to make it feel a little like a vacation, at least for the first few days.For more information about children and the pandemic, read 11 Questions Parents May Have About Coronavirus.|1
Try to stock at least a 30-day supply of any needed prescriptions. If your insurance permits 90-day refills, that's even better. Make sure you also have over-the-counter medications and other health supplies on hand.Medical and health supplies, prescription medications, prescribed medical supplies such as glucose and blood-pressure monitoring equipment, fever and pain medicine, such as acetaminophen, cough and cold medicines, antidiarrheal medication, thermometer, fluids with electrolytes, soap and alcohol-based hand sanitizer, tissues, toilet paper, disposable diapers, tampons, sanitary napkins, garbage bags.|1
Bill Gates says the U.S. government is falling short in preparing the nation and the world for the “significant probability of a large and lethal modern-day pandemic occurring in our lifetimes.”In an interview this week, the billionaire philanthropist said he has raised the issue of pandemic preparedness with President Trump since the 2016 presidential election. In his most recent meeting last month, Gates said he laid out the increasing risk of a bioterrorism attack and stressed the importance of U.S. funding for advanced research on new therapeutics, including a universal flu vaccine, which would protect against all or most strains of influenza.Gates, who co-founded Microsoft and now leads a foundation on global health, said he told Trump that the president has a chance to lead on the issue of global health security. Trump encouraged him to follow up with top officials at the Health and Human Services Department, the National Institutes of Health and the Food and Drug Administration, Gates said.Gates said he met several times with H.R. McMaster, the president’s former national security adviser, and hopes to meet with McMaster’s replacement, John Bolton. The National Security Council, Gates said, is an appropriate office to “show leadership on this issue and decide how to coordinate the various groups” within the government.“But, you know, I think we’ve got to push this ... with the executive branch and Congress quite a bit,” Gates said. “There hasn’t been a big effort along these lines.”His interview with The Washington Post preceded a speech — on the challenges associated with modern epidemics — that Gates gave Friday before the Massachusetts Medical Society.Gates and his wife, Melinda, have repeatedly warned that a pandemic is the greatest immediate threat to humanity. Experts say the risk is high, because new pathogens are constantly emerging and the world is so interconnected.Many experts agree that the United States remains underprepared for a pandemic or a bioterrorism threat. The government’s sprawling bureaucracy, they say, is not nimble enough to deal with mutations that suddenly turn an influenza virus into a particularly virulent strain, as the 1918 influenza did in killing an estimated 50 million to 100 million people worldwide.Even this winter’s harsh seasonal flu was enough to overwhelm some hospitals, forcing them to pitch tents outside emergency rooms to cope with the crush of patients.If a highly contagious and lethal airborne pathogen like the 1918 influenza were to take hold today, nearly 33 million people worldwide would die in just six months, Gates noted in his prepared remarks, citing a simulation done by the Institute for Disease Modeling, a research organization in Bellevue, Wash.In those remarks, Gates highlighted scientific and technical advances in the development of better vaccines, drugs and diagnostics that he said could revolutionize preparation for and treatment of infectious diseases. He praised last year’s formation of a new global coalition, known as CEPI, to create new vaccines for emerging infectious diseases. He also announced a $12 million Grand Challenge in partnership with the family of Google Inc. co-founder Larry Page to accelerate the development of a universal flu vaccine.But vaccines, he noted, take time to research, deploy and generate protective immunity.“So we need to invest in other approaches, like antiviral drugs and antibody therapies that can be stockpiled or rapidly manufactured to stop the spread of pandemic diseases or treat people who have been exposed,” he said in his speech.Among the advances in these areas are a new influenza antiviral recently approved in Japan that Gates said “stops the virus in its tracks” by inhibiting an enzyme it needs to multiply; research on antibodies that could protect against a pandemic strain of a virus; and a diagnostic test that harnesses the powerful genetic-engineering technology known as CRISPR and has the field-use potential to check a patient’s blood, saliva or urine for evidence of multiple pathogens. That test could, for example, identify whether someone is infected with Zika or dengue virus, which have similar symptoms.But even the best tools in the world won’t be sufficient, Gates said, if the United States doesn’t have a strategy to harness and coordinate resources at home and help to lead an effective global preparedness and response system.Trump and senior administration officials have affirmed the importance of controlling infectious disease outbreaks. But the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is facing a loss of emergency funding provided in the wake of the 2014 Ebola epidemic and has begun to planning to downsize its epidemic-prevention activities in 39 out of 49 countries where disease risks are greatest.Congress provided additional funding in last month’s spending bill. But it also directed the administration to come up with a comprehensive plan to strengthen global health security at home and abroad.“This could be an important first step if the White House and Congress use the opportunity to articulate and embrace a leadership role for the U.S.,” Gates said in the speech.No other country, he noted, has the depth of scientific or technical expertise that the United States possesses, drawing on the resources of institutions such as NIH, CDC and the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority, as well as the Defense Department's Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency.|1
As the “race for the cure” continues in the United States and elsewhere during our current COVID-19 crisis, thousands of people around the world are left with many uncomfortable questions on their mind. For instance: did this version of the coronavirus come from a lab?If the idea that the SARS-CoV-2 virus grew at the hands of researchers sounds farfetched to you, get ready to be surprised.  Published research offers evidence which points to a resounding “YES” to the question “was coronavirus manmade?”We, at NaturalHealth365, would like to extend a special thanks to Peter R. Breggin, MD for providing context and inspiration for this article.Prestigious peer-reviewed journal published study results proving that U.S. and Chinese researchers conspired to create deadly manmade coronavirusFive years ago, the respected and peer-reviewed scientific journal Nature Medicine published a paper from a group of U.S. and Chinese researchers who explicitly tinkered with a bat coronavirus in order to see if it could infect humans.The researchers succeeded!The international team hailed from institutions such as Harvard Medical School, the National Center for Toxicological Research of the Food and Drug Administration, the Department of Cancer Immunology and AIDS of the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, and none other than the Key Laboratory of Special Pathogens and Biosafety at the Wuhan Institute of Virology. Both the United States and Chinese governments funded the research.In their paper, titled “A SARS-like cluster of circulating bat coronaviruses shows potential for human emergence,” the researchers acknowledged that they “generated and characterized” a virus (called SHC014-CoV) which at the time was circulating in the Chinese horsehoe bat population. Animal and human cell experiments involving the manmade coronavirus then led to evidence of lung damage and other pathologies. Their experiments also determined that “available SARS-based immune-therapeutic and prophylactic modalities revealed poor efficacy” for treatment.In other words, these researchers genetically modified and created an animal-based virus that could be infectious to humans and was impervious to exisiting antiviral treatments, including vaccines which “failed to neutralize and protect from infection.”  Eerily similar to the current global pandemic.And yet:We’re supposed believe a paper published in March of this year – published in the very same journal – which states that genomic investigations of the virus  “irrefutably show” that SARS-CoV-2 did not come from a lab and that it is “improbable that SARS-CoV-2 emerged through laboratory manipulation.”The authors of Nature Medicine‘s March 2020 paper urge people to accept one of two scenarios that more “plausibly explain” the virus’s origin: either natural selection and evolution in an animal host before the virus jumped to humans, or natural selection and evolution in a human host after the virus jumped from animals.We don’t claim to be virologists. All we know is that there are too many unknowns right now. Maybe it’s time for officials to start being way more transparent about this virus’s true origins.Have researchers succeeded in creating the very pandemic monster they were worried about?It’s painfully ironic to think that both the Chinese and United States governments funded (with taxpayer dollars) the laboratory creation of a dangerous and proven deadly pathogen, simply for the apparent purpose to … “prepare” for a future emergence?The level of biosafety and biosecurity risk of such meddling is hard to wrap our head around. It sounds a bit like fighting fire with fire – but makes you wonder who actually is the “winner” in such a fight.Perhaps big pharma and friends pushing for mass vaccinations?“The emergence of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV) and Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS)-CoV,”  the authors of the 2015 paper write, “underscores the threat of cross-species transmission events leading to outbreaks in humans.”Yet even their own research, in addition to earlier research from related government-funded studies, seemed to downright spook them. The authors conclude that “scientific review panels may deem similar studies … too risky to pursue”  and that “the potential to prepare for and mitigate future outbreaks must be weighed against the risk of creating more dangerous pathogens.”We’re deeply concerned by this revelation and thankful to Dr. Breggin, his scrupulous wife Ginger, and Jef Akst of The Scientist for bringing it to light. It begs the question: what other sorts of experiments are going on in BSL-4 labs like the laboratory in Wuhan?To what extent are government agencies putting the public at dire risk?  So much remains to be seen.|0
Professor Luc Montagnier, independent researcher and 2008 Nobel Prize winner for medicine for his discovery of HIV, was a guest of André Bercoff on Thursday 30 April, at Sud Radio.provoked a controversy a few weeks ago by expressing his doubts about the origin of the coronavirus.Now an independent researcher, the 2008 Nobel Prize in Medicine defended his point of view that the Coronavirus is man made in an interview by André Bercoff. For him, the most likely hypothesis is that the virus accidentally escaped from a laboratory in Wuhan.The first infected weren’t in the market.Luc Montagnier, a researcher specializing in viruses for “a very long time”, was sometimes questioned, but above all he was distinguished by the fact that he was a member of the panel of experts who discovered HIV. In the midst of the pandemic, the professor inevitably became interested in Covid-19 very quickly: “It is interesting to know its origins, because we can derive new therapeutic tests from it and know what will happen to this epidemic in the future,” he explains.The official version of the appearance of the coronavirus says that the coronavirus started at the fish market in Wuhan, where animals carrying the virus were bought and eaten, recalls Luc Montagnier. “This is a theory that does not correspond exactly to the reality of the facts,” he questions. “The first infected people were not in the market, they were more likely to be near the nearby laboratory,” the professor emphasizes.Experiments for over ten yearsIn these laboratories, Chinese scientists “have been working for more than ten years on coronaviruses transmitted by animals, especially bats,” reports Professor Montagnier, who regularly reviews published reports. The experiments, which began after the SARS epidemic in Asia in 2003, were carried out by the Chinese scientists. “Bats are considered healthy carriers and therefore carry many viruses,” he explains. According to his hypothesis, “some of these researchers have tried to identify factors that could make these bats dangerous to humans. They started with a very similar model, but it was neither contagious nor pathogenic for humans because it had no receptor,” the professor suspects.Luc Montagnier, hopes that one day “scientists will say so themselves. But at the moment “we are in such a climate; there are so many dead that nobody wants to carry this very heavy burden”, he admits. Another questionable problem is that one of these laboratories “is financed by the United States, and for quite a lot of money”. “It is also a factor that explains why nobody wants to bring the truth to light,” regrets Luc Montagnier.Montagnier also discussed the presence of those HIV segments that are present in the novel coronavirus. He admits although similar segments might be present in other viruses, what remains highly suspicious is that all of these segments are all present in a small section of the coronavirus. Additionaly as the virus is mutating it seems to be mutating in those areas where the HIV segments were added.  According to him, the altered elements of this virus are eliminated as it spreads: “Nature does not accept any molecular tinkering, it will eliminate these unnatural changes and even if nothing is done, things will get better, but unfortunately after many deaths.”|0
By now it is no secret the World Health Organization and the United Nations are among the many organizations funded by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.In previous reports we have extensively documented Gates’ global vaccination programs and their connections to the UN’s Sustainable Development Goals under the 2030 Agenda.In this report, we document how Bill Gates is not only working to fulfill the UN’s global vaccine program, but how Gates is also working to take control of the food supply chain globally, a long-desired achievement of the UN.Also find out about the mandatory vaccination policy being kept under wraps in addition to another Gates-funded venture to blanket the earth with real-time surveillance from space.|0
Patients at higher risk for infection, severe illness, and poorer outcomes from COVID-19 should protect themselves. Guidance for patients includes: Take steps to protect yourself. Call your healthcare provider if you are sick with a fever, cough, or shortness of breath. Follow CDC travel guidelines and the recommendations of your state and local health officials. High-Risk Conditions. COVID-19 is a new disease and there is limited information regarding risk factors for severe disease. Based on currently available information and clinical expertise, older adults and people of any age who have serious underlying medical conditions might be at higher risk for severe illness from COVID-19. Based upon available information to date, those at high-risk for severe illness from COVID-19 include: People 65 years and older. People who live in a nursing home or long-term care facility People of all ages with underlying medical conditions, particularly if not well controlled, including People with chronic lung disease or moderate to severe asthma. People who have serious heart conditions. People who are immunocompromised. Many conditions can cause a person to be immunocompromised, including  cancer treatment, smoking, bone marrow or organ transplantation, immune deficiencies, poorly controlled HIV or AIDS, and prolonged use of corticosteroids and other immune weakening medications. People with severe obesity (body mass index [BMI] of 40 or higher). People with diabetesPeople with chronic kidney disease undergoing dialysis. People with liver disease|1
Presently, billions of people around the world are ‘living’ under mandatory stay-at-home orders, purportedly to help stop the spread of the coronavirus. Aside from the question as to whether quarantine is the most effective method for fighting this particular pandemic, what exactly will be required from us before any semblance of normalcy returns?One possible requirement – aside from being discouraged from ever shaking hands again – is the mandatory participation in a global vaccine program, underwritten by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, Big Pharma and an assortment of other people who supposedly have the best interest of the global citizenry in mind. Should we be concerned? The road to mandatory vaccinations. Last week, during an interview with The Journal podcast, Dr. Anthony Fauci, who has become the face of the Trump Administration’s Coronavirus Task Force, said something that should have made a lot of people sit up and take notice, especially those people whose job it is to sit up and take notice, namely the media.Kate Linebaugh asked Fauci if it were advisable that she give her grandmother, who has “vulnerable respiratory systems,” a hug at the peak of the coronavirus pandemic, to which Fauci replied in the negative before uttering something revealing.“When [the coronavirus rate of infection] goes down, and gets down to almost zero… there is an antibody test that will be widely distributed pretty soon, in the next few weeks, that will allow you to know whether or not you’ve actually been infected.”He added: “I can imagine a situation where you take an antibody test and you are absolutely positive that you were infected and you did well, then you could hug the heck out of your grandmother and not worry about it.”Let that comment sink in for a moment.If it is deemed safe for those antibodies-positive people to “hug the heck” out their grandmas after proving their immunity credentials, then why on earth is it also not permissible for these same people to be at their jobs, places of worship, or at least the corner pub enjoying some semblance of happy hour?To repeat: if you have already been exposed to the coronavirus and now have natural immunity to the disease (it is estimated that over 80% of people become exposed to the disease without ever knowing it), then you are no longer a risk factor to the most vulnerable members of society, namely the sick and elderly. Thus, by practicing a severe form of “social distancing,” as many countries around the world are now mandating, the ability of the human body to acquire the antibodies, which eventually leads to ‘herd immunity’ in the overall population, is being denied.Allowing ‘herd immunity’ to occur would have prevented: 1. the virus from mutating into a far more vicious beast of burden due to lack of available hosts, 2. the lengthy life span of the virus; although the curve may flatten earlier, without herd immunity the disease may easily return, and worse the second time, and 3. a wide-scale vaccination program down the road.Fauci went on to say that only after the infection rate “gets down to almost zero” antibody tests will be given to determine who has been infected and who hasn’t. But isn’t that putting the proverbial cart before the horse? The tests should have been given in the beginning when the outbreak made landfall. Instead, we are faced with a situation where millions of people who no longer pose a risk either to themselves and others are now in a senseless lockdown that threatens to destabilize the global economy with another Great Depression – and with potentially higher mortality rates than we are witnessing with the coronavirus.A case for following the herd.With global hysteria over the coronavirus intensifying, a number of experts have come out to question the logic of entire nations battening down the hatches against the coronavirus. One of those individuals is Dr. Knut M. Wittkowski, head of the Department of Biostatistics Epidemiology at Rockefeller University.“As with every respiratory disease, we should protect the elderly and the fragile,” Dr. Wittkowski acknowledged with common sense available to anyone. He then challenged the actions being taken to shield children from the disease. “On the other hand, children do very well with these diseases and are evolutionarily designed to be exposed to all sorts of viruses.”When people are allowed to go about their daily lives in a community setting, he argued, the elderly could eventually – sooner rather than later – come into contact with the rest of the population in “about four weeks” because the virus at this point would be “vanquished.”“With all respiratory diseases, the only thing that stops the disease is ‘herd immunity,’” Wittkowski emphasized.In addition to questioning the shortcomings of social distancing protocols, there is also the problem of knowing how many people in the population have already been exposed to the virus as compared to the number who have died. This is known in the medical community as the ‘Measured Case Fatality Rate,’ which is simply the total number of new deaths due to disease divided by the total number of patients with disease. Although it is a simple mathematical equation to perform, it has never been measured due to lack of data.Since no official study has been done to know how many people in the population have already had the disease, it is impossible to determine the lethality of the coronavirus. Thus, the idea of shutting down a wide swath of the economy over a death rate that we do not know could be best described as – in the words of Jay Bhattacharya, MD, PhD, who is both a Professor of Medicine at Stanford University, as well as a Senior Fellow at the Stanford Institute for Economic Policy Research – “astounding.”“People plug the worst-case into their models, they project say 2-4 million deaths, newspapers pick up the 2-4 million deaths, politicians have to respond, and the scientific basis for that projection…is non-existent,” Bhattacharya said in an interview with the Hoover Institution.Despite so much uncertainty with regards to the real mortality rate, US medical spokespersons are uttering incredibly irresponsible statements that only serve to instill a sense of fear throughout society. Dr. Fauci, for example, said in the course of his above interview that “I don’t think we should ever shake hands ever again, to be honest with you.” Meanwhile, World Health Organization (WHO) special envoy David Nabarro told the BBC that “some form of facial protection, I’m sure, is going to become the norm.”Now, judging how the medical experts are preventing entire nations from acquiring herd immunity, together with the media’s refusal to consider the merits of hydroxychloroquine, this leads to what should have been the last resort: a vaccine program, which could very well turn out to be mandatory; a requirement forced on individuals before they are able to participate in any sort of public events again.This much was suggested by none other than the world’s premier vaccine pusher, Bill Gates, who said in a recent interview that any sort of mass gatherings “may not come back at all” without a wide-scale vaccination program. Some would call that a form of blackmail, used against a desperate people who would do just about anything right now to get back to life as they once knew it. Those days appear far in the future. Just this week, the UK announced that people will have to “live with some restrictions” until a vaccine is developed.To be clear, few people would question that vaccines have been an inherent good for civilization; they have helped eradicate some of the worst diseases mankind has ever faced, like smallpox and polio. But today things are not so straightforward as simply eradicating a pandemic. Presently, there is a major push being made – with Bill Gates at the vanguard of those efforts – to introduce a vaccine that contains nanotechnology to ‘mark’ and surveil those injected. As just one example, consider the work being carried out by ID2020, a San Francisco-based biometric company that counts Microsoft as one of its founding members. It recently announced it was exploring “identification technologies for infants” that is based on “infant immunization.” In other words, tracking devices embedded inside of vaccines.While the world would welcome a vaccine that eradicates the coronavirus, many would find it unacceptable to be forced to have a vaccine that contains any sort of surveillance technology. At this point in our battle against a pandemic, which has created millions of newly unemployed, the last thing people need in their lives right now is yet another source of worry. Let’s develop a vaccine against coronavirus, Mr. Gates, but please hold the tracking add-ons.|0
COVID-19: Commission and national consumer authorities are on high alert and call on platforms to stop scams and unfair practices. On 23 March 2020, Commissioner For Justice and Consumers Didier Reynders wrote to a number of platforms, social media, search engines and market places to require their cooperation in taking down scams from their platforms, following the common position endorsed by the CPC network. Platforms replied to his call for cooperation and Commissioner Reynders welcomes their positive approach. You can find their replies below. As the new virus spreads across the EU, rogue traders advertise and sell products, such as protective masks, caps and hand sanitizers to consumers which allegedly prevent or cure an infection. On 20 March 2020, the consumer protection (CPC) authorities of the Member States, with the support of the Commission, issued CPC Common Position COVID19 on the most reported scams and unfair practices in this context. The objective is to ask and help online platform operators to better identify such illegal practices, take them down and prevent similar ones to reappear. It is in the general interest to guarantee a safe online environment where consumers, in particular in the context of distress caused by the Consumers should be cautious if traders in their marketing campaign or offer: Use language or images in their marketing which explicitly or implicitly suggest that a product is able to prevent or cure COVID-19 infection.Make reference to self-declared doctors, health professionals, experts or other unofficial sources stating that a product is able to prevent or cure an infection with the new virus.Refer by name or logo to government authorities, official experts or international institutions which have allegedly endorsed the protective or curative claims without providing hyperlinks or references to official documents.Use scarcity claims such as “only available today”, “sell out fast” or similar.Inform about market conditions such as “lowest price on the market”, “only product that can cure COVID-19 infections” or similar.Use prices that are well above the normal price for similar products due to the fact that they would allegedly prevent or cure COVID-19 infection.Consumers are reminded that national governments in the EU provide official advice based on scientific evidence on how to prevent COVID-19 infection. Where consumers come across unsupported or misleading claims on online platforms, they should use the reporting tools provided by the platform operator for signalling inappropriate content. Traders should act responsibly: refrain from and ban the above-mentioned practices, taking into account all national government instructions and advice in relation to the COVID-19 protection measures.|1
Please consider the risk. We talked to Dr. Samir Sinha. He's the director of Geriatrics for the Sinai Health System and the University Health Network in Toronto. And this is what he says:Until there's a vaccine, the most vulnerable people should continue to stay home if they can. That includes grandparents over 60 like you and people with chronic illnesses.You see, people in those categories are more likely to become severely ill if they contract coronavirus. We don't want that to be you."I think the pandemic has been really hard for everybody, but social isolation is a particular issue for older adults," he says. "One of the greatest joys for older people is seeing younger people in their lives and having intergenerational connections."It's a tricky balance, we know.On one hand, meaningful connections are hugely important -- they can enrich and even prolong your life. But seeing a loved one means you'll interact with people you haven't seen in weeks who've spent their isolation in a different environment than you. You have to decide whether that risk is worth it to you.Let's talk about it.Maybe you think we, your loving family members, have banned you from visiting."There is this tension between families where older people feel their families are being overprotective of them or infringing on their rights," Sinha says.It doesn't have to be a stalemate. Let's talk it out."It should be a shared choice," Sinha says. "That person hears why their loved one actually wants to protect them, and this prompts a conversation and helps the person understand, 'While I'm worried about you getting Covid-19, I appreciate that you want to protect me from that.'"Discuss why you want to visit and acknowledge the risk involved.Have you been staying home and limiting your exposures?Or have you had to work daily in environments that could expose them to the virus.If it's the second one, it's best to visit virtually.Follow the safest protocol.There's no way to ensure total safety. But there are steps we all can take to keep the risk as low as possible.Read over Sinha's recommendations, which he developed with the American Red Cross Scientific Advisory Council:Be well. Make sure you're not sick when you plan to visit, whether that means a runny nose, fever or stomach ache -- any form of illness. We won't let you visit if any of us are sick, either.Wear masks. Keep it on for the duration of your visit, if you can. If you're asymptomatic, masks help keep you from breathing out the virus. (And you can learn how to make your own.)Wash your hands. As soon as you walk in, wash your hands for 20 seconds with soap and water. As your family, we'll disinfect frequently touched surfaces before you arrive.Greet without touch. Try not to greet us with a kiss or hug, as hard as that may be to resist.Keep your distance. You know the drill: Keep at least six feet of distance. We know, it's weird.Sinha also recommends his older patients re-up their vaccinations, particularly against the flu and pneumonia.If you do come down with coronavirus, there's a higher chance you may also become infected with pneumonia or the flu at the same time. Multiple illnesses will stress out your immune system. Pace yourself when you're visiting. So, it's decided -- you're visiting. Now you may need to pick which family members get first dibs on you.When you visit multiple people, the possibility that you'll be exposed to the virus grows, Dr. William Schaffner told us. He's an infectious disease specialist at the Vanderbilt University School of Medicine."Start off with a few people, or just one at a time," Schaffner says. "This is not the time to have a once-in-20-years family reunion."Here's another consideration that may sway your choice: Children younger than 5 may have trouble adhering to social distancing measures. If they (or you) can't resist bear hugs or slobbery cheek kisses, consider visiting families with older children, Sinha says. Let's meet outside.Schaffner suggests we choose the great outdoors as our reunion venue, like a park or garden where we can stay safely distant from others.Transmission is unlikely outside, as long as we're keeping 6 feet apart, thanks to constant air flow, Schaffner says. But it's best to wear a mask anyway to prevent asymptomatic transmission should we accidentally come close.One last thing: We, your doting relatives, love you dearly. These guidelines aren't ideal, and we've never had to do anything like this before. But if we take these measures now, we'll do our part to stop the spread of coronavirus. And when this pandemic is through, we can bring on the bear hugs again.Oh, and keep washing your hands.|1
As we continue to socially distance in a bid to reduce the effect of COVID-19, it's important to understand where we are in terms of a vaccine.Predictions show it could take anywhere from 9 months to 2 years to create a vaccine.From there, it's just the small matter of producing upwards of 7 billion doses, for the global population.Here Bill Gates looks at what's already being done to create a vaccine against coronavirus.One of the questions I get asked the most these days is when the world will be able to go back to the way things were in December before the coronavirus pandemic. My answer is always the same: when we have an almost perfect drug to treat COVID-19, or when almost every person on the planet has been vaccinated against coronavirus.The former is unlikely to happen anytime soon. We’d need a miracle treatment that was at least 95 percent effective to stop the outbreak. Most of the drug candidates right now are nowhere near that powerful. They could save a lot of lives, but they aren’t enough to get us back to normal.Which leaves us with a vaccine.Have you read?A leading COVID-19 vaccine scientist answers our questions. WHO launches global initiative to create equitable access to COVID-19 drugs and vaccines. Humankind has never had a more urgent task than creating broad immunity for coronavirus. Realistically, if we’re going to return to normal, we need to develop a safe, effective vaccine. We need to make billions of doses, we need to get them out to every part of the world, and we need all of this to happen as quickly as possible.That sounds daunting, because it is. Our foundation is the biggest funder of vaccines in the world, and this effort dwarfs anything we’ve ever worked on before. It’s going to require a global cooperative effort like the world has never seen. But I know it’ll get done. There’s simply no alternative.Here’s what you need to know about the race to create a COVID-19 vaccine.The world is creating this vaccine on a historically fast timeline.Dr. Anthony Fauci has said he thinks it’ll take around eighteen months to develop a coronavirus vaccine. I agree with him, though it could be as little as 9 months or as long as two years.Although eighteen months might sound like a long time, this would be the fastest scientists have created a new vaccine. Development usually takes around five years. Once you pick a disease to target, you have to create the vaccine and test it on animals. Then you begin testing for safety and efficacy in humans.Safety and efficacy are the two most important goals for every vaccine. Safety is exactly what it sounds like: is the vaccine safe to give to people? Some minor side effects (like a mild fever or injection site pain) can be acceptable, but you don’t want to inoculate people with something that makes them sick.Efficacy measures how well the vaccine protects you from getting sick. Although you’d ideally want a vaccine to have 100 percent efficacy, many don’t. For example, this year’s flu vaccine is around 45 percent effective.To test for safety and efficacy, every vaccine goes through three phases of trials:Phase one is the safety trial. A small group of healthy volunteers gets the vaccine candidate. You try out different dosages to create the strongest immune response at the lowest effective dose without serious side effects.Once you’ve settled on a formula, you move onto phase two, which tells you how well the vaccine works in the people who are intended to get it. This time, hundreds of people get the vaccine. This cohort should include people of different ages and health statuses.Then, in phase three, you give it to thousands of people. This is usually the longest phase, because it occurs in what’s called “natural disease conditions.” You introduce it to a large group of people who are likely already at the risk of infection by the target pathogen, and then wait and see if the vaccine reduces how many people get sick.After the vaccine passes all three trial phases, you start building the factories to manufacture it, and it gets submitted to the WHO and various government agencies for approval.This process works well for most vaccines, but the normal development timeline isn’t good enough right now. Every day we can cut from this process will make a huge difference to the world in terms of saving lives and reducing trillions of dollars in economic damage.So, to speed up the process, vaccine developers are compressing the timeline. This graphic shows how:In the traditional process, the steps are sequential to address key questions and unknowns. This can help mitigate financial risk, since creating a new vaccine is expensive. Many candidates fail, which is why companies wait to invest in the next step until they know the previous step was successful.For COVID-19, financing development is not an issue. Governments and other organizations (including our foundation and an amazing alliance called the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations) have made it clear they will support whatever it takes to find a vaccine. So, scientists are able to save time by doing several of the development steps at once. For example, the private sector, governments, and our foundation are going to start identifying facilities to manufacture different potential vaccines. If some of those facilities end up going unused, that’s okay. It’s a small price to pay for getting ahead on production.Fortunately, compressing the trial timeline isn’t the only way to take a process that usually takes five years and get it done in 18 months. Another way we’re going to do that is by testing lots of different approaches at the same time.There are dozens of candidates in the pipeline.As of April 9, there are 115 different COVID-19 vaccine candidates in the development pipeline. I think that eight to ten of those look particularly promising. (Our foundation is going to keep an eye on all the others to see if we missed any that have some positive characteristics, though.The most promising candidates take a variety of approaches to protecting the body against COVID-19. To understand what exactly that means, it’s helpful to remember how the human immune system works.When a disease pathogen gets into your system, your immune system responds by producing antibodies. These antibodies attach themselves to substances called antigens on the surface of the microbe, which sends a signal to your body to attack. Your immune system keeps a record of every microbe it has ever defeated, so that it can quickly recognize and destroy invaders before they make you ill.Vaccines circumvent this whole process by teaching your body how to defeat a pathogen without ever getting sick. The two most common types—and the ones you’re probably most familiar with—are inactivated and live vaccines. Inactivated vaccines contain pathogens that have been killed. Live vaccines, on the other hand, are made of living pathogens that have been weakened (or “attenuated”). They’re highly effective but more prone to side effects than their inactivated counterparts.Inactivated and live vaccines are what we consider “traditional” approaches. There are a number of COVID-19 vaccine candidates of both types, and for good reason: they’re well-established. We know how to test and manufacture them.The downside is that they’re time-consuming to make. There’s a ton of material in each dose of a vaccine. Most of that material is biological, which means you have to grow it. That takes time, unfortunately.That’s why I’m particularly excited by two new approaches that some of the candidates are taking: RNA and DNA vaccines. If one of these new approaches pans out, we’ll likely be able to get vaccines out to the whole world much faster. (For the sake of simplicity, I’m only going to explain RNA vaccines. DNA vaccines are similar, just with a different type of genetic material and method of administration.Our foundation—both through our own funding and through CEPI—has been supporting the development of an RNA vaccine platform for nearly a decade. We were planning to use it to make vaccines for diseases that affect the poor like malaria, but now it’s looking like one of the most promising options for COVID. The first candidate to start human trials was an RNA vaccine created by a company called Moderna.Here’s how an RNA vaccine works: rather than injecting a pathogen’s antigen into your body, you instead give the body the genetic code needed to produce that antigen itself. When the antigens appear on the outside of your cells, your immune system attacks them—and learns how to defeat future intruders in the process. You essentially turn your body into its own vaccine manufacturing unit.Because RNA vaccines let your body do most of the work, they don’t require much material. That makes them much faster to manufacture. There’s a catch, though: we don’t know for sure yet if RNA is a viable platform for vaccines. Since COVID would be the first RNA vaccine out of the gate, we have to prove both that the platform itself works and that it creates immunity. It’s a bit like building your computer system and your first piece of software at the same time.Even if an RNA vaccine continues to show promise, we still must continue pursuing the other options. We don’t know yet what the COVID-19 vaccine will look like. Until we do, we have to go full steam ahead on as many approaches as possible.It might not be a perfect vaccine yet—and that’s okay.The smallpox vaccine is the only vaccine that’s wiped an entire disease off the face of the earth, but it’s also pretty brutal to receive. It left a scar on the arm of anyone who got it. One out of every three people had side effects bad enough to keep them home from school or work. A small—but not insignificant—number developed more serious reactions.The smallpox vaccine was far from perfect, but it got the job done. The COVID-19 vaccine might be similar.If we were designing the perfect vaccine, we’d want it to be completely safe and 100 percent effective. It should be a single dose that gives you lifelong protection, and it should be easy to store and transport. I hope the COVID-19 vaccine has all of those qualities, but given the timeline we’re on, it may not.The two priorities, as I mentioned earlier, are safety and efficacy. Since we might not have time to do multi-year studies, we will have to conduct robust phase 1 safety trials and make sure we have good real-world evidence that the vaccine is completely safe to use.We have a bit more wiggle room with efficacy. I suspect a vaccine that is at least 70 percent effective will be enough to stop the outbreak. A 60 percent effective vaccine is useable, but we might still see some localized outbreaks. Anything under 60 percent is unlikely to create enough herd immunity to stop the virus.The big challenge will be making sure the vaccine works well in older people. The older you are, the less effective vaccines are. Your immune system—like the rest of your body—ages and is slower to recognize and attack invaders. That’s a big issue for a COVID-19 vaccine, since older people are the most vulnerable. We need to make sure they’re protected.The shingles vaccine—which is also targeted to older people—combats this by amping up the strength of the vaccine. It’s possible we do something similar for COVID, although it might come with more side effects. Health authorities could also ask people over a certain age to get an additional dose.Beyond safety and efficacy, there are a couple other factors to consider:How many doses will it be? A vaccine you only get once is easier and quicker to deliver. But we may need a multi-dose vaccine to get enough efficacy.How long does it last? Ideally, the vaccine will give you long-lasting protection. But we might end up with one that only stops you from getting sick for a couple months (like the seasonal flu vaccine, which protects you for about six months). If that happens, the short-term vaccine might be used while we work on a more durable one. How do you store it? Many common vaccines are kept at 4 degrees C. That’s around the temperature of your average refrigerator, so storage and transportation is easy. But RNA vaccines need to be stored at much colder temperature—as low as -80 degrees C—which will make reaching certain parts of the world more difficult.My hope is that the vaccine we have 18 months from now is as close to “perfect” as possible. Even if it isn’t, we will continue working to improve it. After that happens, I suspect the COVID-19 vaccine will become part of the routine newborn immunization schedule.Once we have a vaccine, though, we still have huge problems to solve. That’s because We need to manufacture and distribute at least 7 billion doses of the vaccine.In order to stop the pandemic, we need to make the vaccine available to almost every person on the planet. We’ve never delivered something to every corner of the world before. And, as I mentioned earlier, vaccines are particularly difficult to make and store.There’s a lot we can’t figure out about manufacturing and distributing the vaccine until we know what exactly we’re working with. For example, will we be able to use existing vaccine factories to make the COVID-19 vaccine?What we can do now is build different kinds of vaccine factories to prepare. Each vaccine type requires a different kind of factory. We need to be ready with facilities that can make each type, so that we can start manufacturing the final vaccine (or vaccines) as soon as we can. This will cost billions of dollars. Governments need to quickly find a mechanism for making the funding for this available. Our foundation is currently working with CEPI, the WHO, and governments to figure out the financing.Part of those discussions center on who will get the vaccine when. The reality is that not everyone will be able to get the vaccine at the same time. It’ll take months—or even years—to create 7 billion doses (or possibly 14 billion, if it’s a multi-dose vaccine), and we should start distributing them as soon as the first batch is ready to go.Most people agree that health workers should get the vaccine first. But who gets it next? Older people? Teachers? Workers in essential jobs?I think that low-income countries should be some of the first to receive it, because people will be at a much higher risk of dying in those places. COVID-19 will spread much quicker in poor countries because measures like physical distancing are harder to enact. More people have poor underlying health that makes them more vulnerable to complications, and weak health systems will make it harder for them to receive the care they need. Getting the vaccine out in low-income countries could save millions of lives. The good news is we already have an organization with expertise about how to do this in Gavi, the Vaccine Alliance.With most vaccines, manufacturers sign a deal with the country where their factories are located, so that country gets first crack at the vaccines. It’s unclear if that’s what will happen here. I hope we find a way to get it out on an equitable basis to the whole world. The WHO and national health authorities will need to develop a distribution plan once we have a better understanding of what we’re working with.Eventually, though, we’re going to scale this thing up so that the vaccine is available to everyone. And then, we’ll be able to get back to normal—and to hopefully make decisions that prevent us from being in this situation ever again.It might be a bit hard to see right now, but there is a light at the end of the tunnel. We’re doing the right things to get a vaccine as quickly as possible. In the meantime, I urge you to continue following the guidelines set by your local authorities. Our ability to get through this outbreak will depend on everyone doing their part to keep each other safe.|1
A husband and wife Chinese spy team were recently removed from a Level 4 infectious disease facility in Canada for sending pathogens to the Wuhan facility. The husband specialized in coronavirus research.|0
A serologic test is a blood test that looks for antibodies created by your immune system. There are many reasons you might make antibodies, the most important of which is to help fight infections. The serologic test for COVID-19 specifically looks for antibodies against the COVID-19 virus. Your body takes at least five to 10 days after you have acquired the infection to develop antibodies to this virus. For this reason, serologic tests are not sensitive enough to accurately diagnose an active COVID-19 infection, even in people with symptoms. However, serologic tests can help identify anyone who has recovered from coronavirus. This may include people who were not initially identified as having COVID-19 because they had no symptoms, had mild symptoms, chose not to get tested, had a false-negative test, or could not get tested for any reason. Serologic tests will provide a more accurate picture of how many people have been infected with, and recovered from, coronavirus, as well as the true fatality rate.Serologic tests may also provide information about whether people become immune to coronavirus once they've recovered and, if so, how long that immunity lasts. In time, these tests may be used to determine who can safely go back out into the community.Scientists can also study coronavirus antibodies to learn which parts of the coronavirus the immune system responds to, in turn giving them clues about which part of the virus to target in vaccines they are developing.Serological tests are starting to become available and are being developed by many private companies worldwide. However, the accuracy of these tests needs to be validated before widespread use in the US.|1
We believe that the vacuum of the universe is in equilibrium, that is, the whole cycle of possible entropy has passed… but what if it's just pretending to be?The coronavirus and the collapse of the world order. Over the last few decades we have awaited something fatal, something irreversible and decisive. Perhaps the coronavirus epidemic will be that event.It is too early to draw exact conclusions, but some elements of geopolitics and ideology may have already passed the point of no return.The coronavirus epidemic represents the end of globalization. The open society is ripe for infection. Anyone who wants to tear down borders prepares the territory for the total annihilation of humanity. You can smile, of course, but people in white HazMat suits will put a stop to the inappropriate laughter. Only closedness can save us. Closedness in all senses, closed borders, closed economies, closed supply of goods and products, what Fichte called a "closed trade state." Soros should be lynched, and a monument should be built for Fichte. Lesson one.Second: the coronavirus turns the last page of liberalism. Liberalism has made it easier to spread the virus - in all senses. The epidemic requires the demolition of all differences. Liberalism is the virus. A little more time will pass, and liberals will be equated with "lepers", infectious "maniacs" who call to dance and have fun in the midst of the plague. The Liberal is the carrier of the coronavirus, its apologist. This is especially the case if it turns out that it was created in the United States, the "citadel of liberalism", as a biological weapon. Lesson two: liberalism kills.Third: the criteria for success and prosperity of countries and societies are changing dramatically. In the battle against the epidemic, neither China's wealth nor the European social system, nor the absence of a social system in the United States (which has the world’s greatest military and financial power) will save them. Even the Iranian’s spiritual and vertical regime is not helping. The coronavirus has cut off the entire tip of civilization - oil, finance, free exchange, the market, the total dominance of the Fed... the world's leaders are helpless. Completely different criteria have come to the fore: the possession of an antivirus, the ability to autonomously prove life for themselves and their loved ones in conditions of maximum closure. Meeting these criteria means reassessing all values. The vaccine is in the province of those who most likely developed the virus, and is therefore an unreliable solution. However, closure and the transition to self-sufficiency is something that everyone can do, although doing so requires multipolarity. Small farms and natural exchange will survive the total collapse of everything.So, what would be the next logical steps after a triumphant march of coronavirus across the planet? At best, the appearance of several relatively closed world zones - civilizations, large spaces, or - at worst - the worlds of Mad Max and Resident Evil. The Russian series "The Epidemic" is becoming a reality in front of our eyes. The plague gods. I am beginning to understand why in some societies the plague gods were revered and worshipped. The coming of the plague allows for a complete renewal of societies. The epidemic has no logic and spares neither the noble nor the rich, nor the powerful. It destroys everyone indiscriminately, and brings people back to the simple fact of being. The plague gods are the fairest. Antonin Artaud wrote about this, comparing theater to the plague. The purpose of the theater, according to Artaud, is, with all possible cruelty, to return man to the fact that he is, that he is here and now, a fact which he persistently and consistently seeks to forget. The plague is an existential phenomenon. The Greeks called Apollo Smintheus "the Mouse god" and attributed to his arrows the power to bring plague. This is where the Iliad begins, as everyone knows.That is what Apollo would do if he looked at modern mankind - bankers, bloggers, rappers, deputies, office workers, migrants, feminists... that's about it.Bunuel has a movie called "The Exterminating Angel" which is more or less about this. How the world ends.One can also take note of the elements of the epidemic that seem to suggest its being man-made, either allowing the West to use the virus against its geopolitical opponents (which explains China and Iran, but not Italy and the rest) or even the start of the targeted extermination of all these extra billions by a small circle of humanity with a vaccine which was itself produced by "progress" and "open society." In this case, the "plague gods" may turn out to be quite specific representatives of the global financial elite, which has long recognized the "limits of growth." But even in this case - especially if this is not the beginning of a full-fledged global genocide, but only a test of the pen - the conclusion is the same: those who pretend to be responsible for human societies are not what they seem.Liberalism is only a pretext for mass extermination, as colonization and the spread of the standards of modern Western civilization were. The global elites and their local puppets may be counting on surviving with a vaccine, but something suggests that this may be where the catch lies. The virus may behave inadequately, and the processes that have begun on the civilizational level, and even in individual unpredictable spontaneous events, may disrupt their carefully thought out plans.The entire world economy may not collapse within a few months, but it seems to be headed in exactly that direction.Everything that modern people consider "sustainable" and "reliable" is pure illusion, the coronavirus is showing that clearly and vividly. In fact, once the logic of what is happening continues to develop a little further, we might see how the world ends - at least the world we know and knew. And, at the same time, the first contours of something else will begin to appear.Matter at risk. It is curious that parallel to the coronavirus, which has become, in a sense, the subject of civilization, discussions in the scientific community about “bubbles of nothing” broke out, reviving some hypotheses of the famous physicist Edward Witten, one of the main theorists of the phenomena of “superstrings.”According to the ideas of modern physicists, "bubbles of nothing" can arise from a "false vacuum", i.e. a vacuum which has not reached stability, but only seems to have reached it. In the ten-dimensional world (with 4 ordinary measurements and 6 more, present through compacification) such "bubbles of nothing" are quite probable. If they arise, they may suck galaxies into nothing and swallow the Universe. These whirlpools spawned of unstable vacuums leave quite an impression.And again, as in the case of coronavirus, they say “nothing bad is happening, everything is under control.” Representatives of the scientific elite reassure us that the chance of the appearance of the “bubbles of nothing” is ridiculously small.But it seems to me that it is not. On the contrary, it is quite significant. The modern world is exactly such a "bubble of nothing" which is growing rapidly, absorbing meaning and dissolving existence: liberalism and globalization are its most vivid expressions. The coronavirus is also a bubble of nothing.The nature of this virus itself is interesting (although I hate the concept of "nature", there is nothing more senseless). It is something between a living being - it has DNA or RNA - and a mineral (it has no cells). However, most of all, it reminds us of a neural network or even an Artificial Intelligence. It is either there, or not, living, or inanimate ... that is precisely what the “nonequilibrium vacuum” is, which creates these “bubbles of nothing.”We believe that the vacuum of the universe is in equilibrium, that is, the whole cycle of possible entropy has passed… but what if this only seems to be the case?When you hear the story about the Wuhan market and imagine the struggle of bats with poisonous snakes, their fierce exchange of contagion and killer microscopic arrows of non-existence shaped like a crown, it is impossible to get rid of the image of bubbles of nothing. The same feeling is brought about by the drop in oil prices and the collapse of stock indices. Even war - with its specificity and existential awakening - does not save us from the attack of nothing, as the motivation of modern wars is so deeply entangled in material, financial and corrupt interests, having lost its original purity: the direct encounter with death. It only serves as another bubble of nothing, fulfilling its instructions to lead matter to total oblivion.Plague as Event. Is it possible to expect that having coped with the coronavirus, mankind will draw the appropriate conclusions, curtail globalization, throw out liberal superstitions, halt migration and put an end to the obscene technical inventions which are immersing everyone deeper and deeper into endless labyrinths of matter? The answer is quite clearly no. Everyone will quickly go back to their old ways in the blink of an eye, before the corpses are even buried. As soon as - and if - the markets come to life and the Dow Jones wakes back up, everything will be back to normal. The naive one is he who thinks otherwise. But what does that mean? It means that even an epidemic of this scale will be turned into an unfortunate misunderstanding. No one will understand the meaning of the coming of the plague gods, no one will think about "bubbles of nothing" and everything will repeat over and over again until it reaches the point of no return. If one pays close attention to the passage of time, it should be clear that we are currently crossing that point.|0
New research has bolstered the hypothesis that summer’s heat, humidity, abundant sunshine and opportunities for people to get outside should combine to inhibit — though certainly not halt — the spread of the coronavirus.But infectious-disease experts add a cautionary note: Any benefit from summer conditions would probably be lost if people mistakenly believe the virus can’t spread in warm weather and abandon efforts that limit infections, such as social distancing.“The best way to think about weather is as a secondary factor here,” said Mohammad Jalali, an assistant professor at Harvard Medical School who has researched how weather affects the spread of viruses.The effect of weather on the coronavirus has been the subject of extensive research in recent months and is acutely relevant as the Northern Hemisphere edges closer to Memorial Day and the unofficial start of summer. States and cities are terminating or modifying shutdown orders, and millions of students trying to take classes remotely will soon see their disrupted school year come to an end.In this transitional moment, many people who have been in quarantine will probably find themselves in places — beaches, pools, parks, recreational sites — that historically have been viewed as benign but now carry some hard-to-calculate risk of viral transmission.Swimming in a chlorinated pool should be safe if people maintain the six-foot social distancing rule, according to new guidelines from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The CDC encouraged the use of facial coverings but cautioned they should not be worn in the water, because when wet they can make it difficult to breathe.“There is no evidence that the virus that causes COVID-19 can be spread to people through the water in pools, hot tubs, spas, or water play areas. Proper operation and maintenance (including disinfection with chlorine and bromine) of these facilities should inactivate the virus in the water,” CDC spokeswoman Kate Grusich said in an email.But people can still transmit the virus through close personal interactions in any conditions, inside or outside, in sun or rain. The global picture reveals that the coronavirus is capable of spreading in any climate. Warm-weather countries, including Singapore, Indonesia, Brazil and Ecuador, are enduring significant viral spread.“Environmental conditions are just one more element of the equation, and not by far the most relevant. Covid-19 is spreading fiercely around the world, in all kinds of weather conditions,” Tomas Molina, the chief meteorologist at Spain’s Televisió de Catalunya and a professor at the University of Barcelona, said in an email. Molina examined the course of the outbreak in Barcelona and found a relationship between higher temperatures and lower virus transmission rates.In recent weeks, numerous research studies, based on laboratory experiments, computer models and sophisticated statistical analyses, have supported the view that the coronavirus will be inhibited by summer weather.A new working paper and database put together by researchers at Harvard Medical School, Massachusetts Institute of Technology and other institutions examines a host of weather conditions, from temperature and relative humidity to precipitation, at 3,739 locations worldwide to try to determine the “relative covid-19 risk due to weather.” They found that average temperatures above 77 degrees are associated with a reduction in the virus’s transmission.Each additional 1.8-degree temperature increase above that level was associated with an additional 3.1 percent reduction in the virus’s reproduction number, called R0, and pronounced “R naught.” That is the average number of new infections generated by each infected person. When the R0 drops below 1, an epidemic begins to wane, although it doesn’t happen overnight.However, like previous studies, the research from Harvard and MIT found that the transition to summer weather won’t be sufficient to completely contain the virus’s transmission.Other coronaviruses, such as SARS and MERS, have exhibited seasonality, ebbing during periods of warmer weather much like the seasonal flu. Many experts have suspected for months that the novel coronavirus might do the same.The seasonal factors in virus transmission work the other way around, too: A decline in transmission in summer would probably be followed by a seasonal increase in infections in the fall.There are many factors in the seasonal pattern. The virus degrades outside a host cell, and does so more rapidly when exposed to heat or ultraviolet radiation from the sun.Humidity plays a complex role. Research indicates that viruses easily spread in winter in the dry air of climate-controlled spaces. By contrast, higher humidity makes respiratory droplets, the most common vector of virus, drop to the ground or floor more quickly, limiting airborne transmission.Even in summer, most people live their lives indoors, and much of what happens this summer will pivot on how carefully people maintain social distancing and limit contact with other people. In communities that ease the shutdown restrictions, some people will return to office buildings and residences. Viral transmission has been common in confined spaces where people are in close contact.Another new study, from researchers at Princeton University and the National Institutes of Health, found that our lack of immunity to the coronavirus will overwhelm any tempering influence that warm, humid weather may have on the virus’s spread. Only in future years, if the virus transitions to an endemic illness that flares up in smaller outbreaks each year, will climate be a more important factor, the study found.Research published in recent days, looking at how human speech creates small respiratory droplets that can linger in the air for many minutes, has raised anew the question of how the virus spreads and whether some transmission is through these small aerosol droplets. That remains unresolved.David Rubin, director of PolicyLab at Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia, and his colleagues have incorporated weather factors in the model they have developed showing when and where it will be relatively safe to ease some shutdown orders.“Clearly, I believe weather is impacting it — it’s just not impacting it enough to completely eliminate transmission,” Rubin said. “That’s why we’re still seeing cases in Florida and Texas and Tennessee. It seems to be preventing a big exponential rise in cases.”Multiple early studies provide evidence of statistical ties between temperature and humidity ranges and the geographic regions where this virus has thrived. While none of these studies has been conclusive, they all point to the same general possibility: The pandemic could ease in parts of North America and Europe during the summer months, although it could come roaring back in the fall.Rich Sorkin, co-founder of Jupiter Intelligence, a risk management company that is helping clients understand the effect of weather on the coronavirus, said, “There’s a certain element of geography-is-destiny here.” The countries with the largest outbreaks and highest mortality rates to date are all in cooler climates, he said.“There’s a strong pattern of weather characteristics influencing mortality,” he said. But he added that government policies and other aspects of the virus are also important.The Trump administration has touted laboratory studies, carried out at the U.S. Army’s high-level biosecurity laboratory at Fort Detrick, Md., as revealing the virus’s susceptibility to heat and sunlight. The results, revealed during an April 23 coronavirus task force news briefing, largely matched other laboratory studies and the suspicions of some researchers by showing that the novel coronavirus, like many other viruses, does not survive as long on certain surfaces and in the air when exposed to high amounts of ultraviolet light and warm and humid conditions.But David Heymann, a professor at the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine, said laboratory studies on the coronavirus’s behavior under different weather conditions should be viewed with caution.“Laboratory studies are just that, and they’re not the real situation,” he said. “We still see it transmitting in most parts of the world, even in tropical areas.”Epidemiologists, Heymann said, are looking at what is happening in real settings, such as the clusters of cases in meatpacking plants and nursing homes, both of which are confined spaces with people in close contact. Laboratory studies, he said, should follow such observations to test how best to protect people in those settings, rather than having lab results lead directly to policies that may not reflect where and how people are getting sick in the real world.“That’s always been a disconnect between laboratories and epidemiologists,” he said.|1
On April 12th the DRC will mark 42 days - or two incubation periods - since the last Ebola patient was discharged from hospital.Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, Chair of Gavi, The Vaccine Alliance, says it's important to use the lessons leant fighting Ebola to overcome COVID-19.She stresses that this time must be used to bolster and prepare weaker health systems and that the development and global distribution of a vaccine should be our highest priority.The Democratic Republic of Congo will soon pass a milestone marking its success in the fight against Ebola. As Africa braces for COVID-19, one lesson from the DRC is that the best hope for defeating the coronavirus is not social distancing, but a vaccine that is distributed equitably.On April 12, the Democratic Republic of the Congo will mark 42 days since the last person who tested positive for Ebola was discharged from the hospital.The date is a significant milestone. It refers to twice the maximum incubation period – 21 days – of the virus, which is how the World Health Organization stipulates when an outbreak is over. If all goes well, it will be a remarkable turnaround for the DRC and a testament to the bravery and dedication of health workers, some of whom lost their lives treating the sick.The DRC’s success in combating Ebola was overshadowed by the fact that, during that fight, approximately twice as many people died from a preventable measles outbreak. One essential lesson for policymakers grappling with the greatest global health crisis in a century is that they must do everything in their power to prevent overstretched health systems from battling two epidemics simultaneously.Bloodshed and fighting during a brutal civil war exacerbated the challenge facing the DRC as it fought the Ebola and measles outbreaks. The country experienced profound difficulties immunizing its population against entirely preventable diseases. It found itself fighting a multi-front health battle when it desperately needed to marshal its available resources against a major threat.The trajectory of COVID-19 may be less advanced in many of the world’s poorest countries, but we must not fool ourselves that a warmer climate, or a younger demographic profile, will blunt its impact. The potential for death and disruption is even more pronounced than in the richer countries where the virus has hit hardest.And yet weathering two significant health threats simultaneously has shown us how to prevent this nightmare scenario.Our first priority is to maintain existing immunization programs. For measles, polio, or any other disease for which a low-cost vaccine is routinely available, it is critical that herd immunity is maintained in order to prevent any unnecessary drain on scarce health-care resources.Next, we must bolster preparedness. A number of organizations, including Gavi, the Vaccine Alliance (of which I am Chair), have made funds available – $200-$300 million in Gavi’s case – to help the world’s poorest health systems step up surveillance activities, invest in testing, procure protective equipment, and train health workers. Technology is playing a part, too: Despite valid privacy concerns, some countries are rolling out tracing apps – a relatively low cost, effective way to mitigate the virus’ spread. Africa is also using drones to distribute vaccines, protective equipment, and other vital supplies to remote areas.Social distancing will slow the spread of COVID-19, but it will not win the war. Our best hope lies in finding a vaccine. While there may be 41 candidates of varying promise in the pipeline, we must learn from past mistakes. Too often, governments have sequestered vaccines in the countries where they were manufactured. We must ensure that when an effective vaccine becomes available, it is accessible to anyone who needs it, not just the rich, fortunate few.There are ways to avoid the inequitable distribution of vaccines. Gavi, which procures and distributes vaccines to 60% of the world’s children at affordable prices, regularly employs innovative mechanisms such as the International Finance Facility for Immunization, Advanced Market Commitment, and Advanced Purchase Commitment to encourage vaccine production and delivery. In the case of Ebola, Gavi created incentivizes for Merck to stockpile an experimental Ebola vaccine that was then made available to the WHO, which deployed it in the DRC. It can incentivize the production, scale, and equitable global distribution of a vaccine for COVID-19 as well.Poorer countries in Africa and elsewhere may be unable to deal with both the health and economic fallout of this pandemic on their own. The global effort that is already underway is essential, because COVID-19 knows no borders. No country is safe until every country is safe.We are not yet near the end of the beginning of the COVID-19 crisis. We must use what precious time we have to bolster our weakest health systems and economies. But shoring up our defenses is not enough. We must go on the offensive by making the development and global distribution of a vaccine our highest priority.|1
while "allocation is a very complex and delicate choice," the choice to prioritize certain patients is "not a value judgments but a way to provide extremely scarce resources to those who have the highest likelihood of survival and could enjoy the largest number of life-years saved."|1
Until recently, most tests for COVID-19 required a clinician to insert a long swab into the nose and sometimes down to the throat. In mid-April, the FDA granted emergency approval for a saliva-based test.The saliva test is easier to perform — spitting into a cup versus submitting to a swab — and more comfortable. Because a person can independently spit into a cup, the saliva test does not require interaction with a healthcare worker. This cuts down on the need for masks, gowns, gloves, and other protective equipment, which has been in short supply.Both the saliva and swab tests work by detecting genetic material from the coronavirus. Both tests are very specific, meaning that a positive test almost always means that the person is infected with the virus. However, both tests can be negative, even if a person is proven later to be infected (known as a false negative). This is especially true for people who carry the virus but have no symptoms.Some early reports suggest that the saliva test may have fewer false negatives than the swab test. If verified, home testing could potentially quickly ramp up the widespread testing we desperately need.|1
Early in the COVID-19 pandemic, a group of US scientists made a major discovery. They figured out the molecular structure of the “spike protein” that the SARS-CoV-2 virus uses to invade human cells.The researchers were eager to share the news that could help develop potential vaccines and drugs. Although the usual scientific publication process from submission to publication is measured in months, the spike paper blazed through it in 9 days and was published online in Science on February 19—“which is incredible,” says Sudip Parikh, PhD, CEO of the AAAS and executive publisher of the Science family of journals. He remembers telling reviewers to drop everything in order to expedite the process. As COVID-19 continues to burn through the populations worldwide, biological, epidemiological and other insights are informing public health strategies and policies in real time. New research can mean lives saved.For example, a recent Chinese study in Nature that supported the use of face masks by the general public appears to have influenced policy in the US. And Parikh notes that modeling studies conducted at Harvard, Columbia, Northeastern University, and Imperial College of London profoundly influenced the pandemic response by prompting the adoption of social distancing measures across the U.S. and Europe. “If my mom knows about flattening the curve, we’ve struck something,” he says.In addition to those studies, scientists have produced an astounding 17,000+ COVID-19 research articles listed in a CDC database. But does speed have a price in accuracy? Not in the case of the spike paper, Parikh says. The reviewers who examined the research held it to their usual rigorous standards but accelerated the pace because of the study’s importance. Parikh admits that kind of speed isn’t always possible. Scientific journals don’t have enough bandwidth to publish everything they see that quickly while maintaining their traditional standards. But they can do so in a targeted way to get the most important work out the door without delay, he says.The challenge, he says, lies in curating the flood of material being produced and publishing the most significant work as quickly as possible. Overall, Parikh says he doesn’t see a decline in the quality of the research being submitted to peer-reviewed outlets—though studies appearing on preprint servers without peer review may be suspect. (Peer review, which traces its roots back 3 centuries, involves the close study of a paper’s merits and flaws by experts in the field. Preprint articles are draft articles that haven’t yet been peer reviewed.) “There’s probably a lot of stuff out there that will need to be corrected,” says Parikh, who is nonetheless amazed by how quickly labs around the world have pivoted to produce high-quality coronavirus research. Sander Greenland, DrPH, a professor emeritus of Epidemiology and Statistics at UCLA, thinks the question of whether research conducted under crisis conditions can be trusted may be misplaced: Studies have limitations even under the best of circumstances, and reliability is always a matter of degree.“Every study is flawed. The question is, what can you get out of it, and for what purpose?” he says. At the moment, Greenland says, the lack of certain kinds of data may represent the principal challenge to an effective pandemic response. Researchers need to know the false positive and negative rates of the tests used to identify infected individuals, for example, in order to understand how prevalent COVID-19 really is—and what the true fatality rate might be. But test manufacturers are not necessarily supplying that data.Similarly, doctors need to know exactly how many patients diagnosed with COVID-19 are dying due to underlying conditions or complications from co-infections in order to understand how virulent the virus really is and who most needs protection from it. But that data is not being systematically collected and reported.Without that information, Greenland says, scientists and policymakers are left to make educated guesses about everything from infection rates to control measures. “It’s like trying to predict where the stock market is going to be in 3 months,” he says. Better data collection and reporting would help resolve these issues, Greenland notes. Then again, researchers are used to dealing with incomplete data during epidemics, pandemics, and outbreaks.“There is always a paucity of data under these conditions,” says Stephen Morse, PhD, an infectious disease epidemiologist at Columbia University’s Mailman School of Public Health. Testing tends to be highly selective, for example, and random samples are hard to come by. But math can help researchers deal with gaps in their data. For instance, Morse points out that epidemiologists have developed a variety of statistical methods for estimating the values of missing data—a process known as imputation. And valuable work can still be done using traditional epidemiological methods such as contact tracing: In Singapore, Morse notes, contract tracers used a new antibody test to identify previously unidentified chains of transmission—an important step in containing the virus. Moving forward, Morse hopes the current crisis will motivate researchers to finally put in place “things we have thought and talked about but never implemented,” such as better early surveillance and rapid diagnostic tests to help contain future outbreaks.For his part, Parikh believes that some of what scientists have already learned about operating during the pandemic—from streamlining the review process to adopting virtual clinical trials that allow researchers to collect participant data remotely without having people appear at clinic sites—will provide lasting benefits long after the crisis is over. “I think we’re going to think of this as BC and AC,” he says. “Before coronavirus and after coronavirus.”|1
Older adults and people who have severe underlying medical conditions like heart or lung disease or diabetes seem to be at higher risk for developing serious complications from COVID-19 illness.Know how it spreads.There is currently no vaccine to prevent coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19).The best way to prevent illness is to avoid being exposed to this virus.The virus is thought to spread mainly from person-to-person.Between people who are in close contact with one another (within about 6 feet).Through respiratory droplets produced when an infected person coughs, sneezes or talks.These droplets can land in the mouths or noses of people who are nearby or possibly be inhaled into the lungs.Some recent studies have suggested that COVID-19 may be spread by people who are not showing symptoms.Everyone Should.hands wash icon.Wash your hands often.Wash your hands often with soap and water for at least 20 seconds especially after you have been in a public place, or after blowing your nose, coughing, or sneezing.If soap and water are not readily available, use a hand sanitizer that contains at least 60% alcohol. Cover all surfaces of your hands and rub them together until they feel dry.Avoid touching your eyes, nose, and mouth with unwashed hands.people arrows icon.Avoid close contact.Avoid close contact with people who are sick, even inside your home. If possible, maintain 6 feet between the person who is sick and other household members.Put distance between yourself and other people outside of your home.Remember that some people without symptoms may be able to spread virus.Stay at least 6 feet (about 2 arms’ length) from other people.Do not gather in groups.Stay out of crowded places and avoid mass gatherings.Keeping distance from others is especially important for people who are at higher risk of getting very sick.head side mask icon.Cover your mouth and nose with a cloth face cover when around others. You could spread COVID-19 to others even if you do not feel sick.Everyone should wear a cloth face cover when they have to go out in public, for example to the grocery store or to pick up other necessities.Cloth face coverings should not be placed on young children under age 2, anyone who has trouble breathing, or is unconscious, incapacitated or otherwise unable to remove the mask without assistance.The cloth face cover is meant to protect other people in case you are infected.Do NOT use a facemask meant for a healthcare worker.Continue to keep about 6 feet between yourself and others. The cloth face cover is not a substitute for social distancing.box tissue icon.Cover coughs and sneezes.If you are in a private setting and do not have on your cloth face covering, remember to always cover your mouth and nose with a tissue when you cough or sneeze or use the inside of your elbow.Throw used tissues in the trash.Immediately wash your hands with soap and water for at least 20 seconds. If soap and water are not readily available, clean your hands with a hand sanitizer that contains at least 60% alcohol.cleaning icon.Clean and disinfect.Clean AND disinfect frequently touched surfaces daily. This includes tables, doorknobs, light switches, countertops, handles, desks, phones, keyboards, toilets, faucets, and sinks.If surfaces are dirty, clean them. Use detergent or soap and water prior to disinfection.Then, use a household disinfectant. Most common EPA-registered household disinfectantsexternal icon will work.|1
Robert F. Kennedy's son claims that Dr. Tony Fauci and the Gates Foundation stand to make a hefty profit from the manufacture of the COVID-19 vaccine.Robert F. Kennedy Jr., son of Robert and nephew of John F. Kennedy, said that the National Institute for Allergic and Infectious Diseases (NIAID), Dr. Fauci's agency, will collect 50% of all royalties from a potential coronavirus vaccine. Kennedy Jr said that Dr. Fauci owns a number of vaccine patents, including one that is being trialed to fight coronavirus by some of America's biggest vaccine manufacturers. The Gates Foundation invests in Dr. Fauci's NIAID as part of its Decade of Vaccines program which aims to introduce a Global Vaccine Action Plan. Kennedy Jr said that Dr. Fauci owns a patent for a specific type of vaccine that packages a virus in a protein sheet. The virus is then delivered to the human body through the vaccine and Kennedy Jr said that it very quickly reaches the organs necessary to give a person immunity to a certain illness. He also said that the patent is currently being used by at least one of the major American vaccine manufacturers to make vaccines for coronavirus. The four major vaccine manufacturers in the US are Pfizer, Merck, GlaxoSmithKline, and Sanofi, and if one of those four companies successfully develops a Coronavirus vaccine, Fauci and the NIAID stand to collect half of the royalties, according to Kennedy Jr.He said that companies who used that patent have to split the profits 50/50 with the NIAID and he claimed that the Gates Foundation had invested in that particular patent. He said that there was no limit on how much the NIAID can collect from the coronavirus vaccine and said that there need to be more government regulations to prevent it from doing so. |0
Czech theoretical physicist, who was an assistant professor at Harvard University from 2004 to 2007. He writes a science and politics blog called The Reference Frame.Many think Covid-19 is some kind of alien invasion that spells the end of the world. But the real threat to us is a much deadlier virus: a hatred of all the values that have underpinned our civilisation for centuries.For years, I was puzzled as to why the Roman Empire ceased to exist and was replaced by communities that were uncivilized by comparison. How and why could mankind’s progress reverse in this way? Recent experience has eliminated the mystery. No special devastating event was needed; the cause of Rome's demise was simply the loss of its people's desire to support their ‘empire’ and its underlying values. And as it was 1,500 years or so ago, so I fear it is now.The Covid-19 crisis – specifically, the reaction to it – demonstrates that people have grown bored, detached, and easily impressionable by things that have nothing to do with the roots of their society. We are all – or too many of us – fin de siècle Romans now.A large number of Westerners are happy to accept the suicidal shutting down of their economies to try to halt a virus that predominantly causes old and sick people to die just a few weeks or months before they would have anyway. Just as they enthusiastically endorse proclamations such as that there are 46 sexes, not two; that the flatulence of a cow must be reduced to save a polar bear; that millions of migrants from the Third World must be invited to Europe and assumed to be neurosurgeons; and so on. The widespread opinion that everything, including economies, must be sacrificed to beat coronavirus is a revival of medieval witch hunts; the sacrifice seems more important than finding an effective method to deal with the problem.Our increasingly decadent mass culture has gradually become more ideological and openly opposed to the values Western civilization is based upon. And while it boasts of being ‘counter-culture’ and independent, it’s acquired a monopoly over almost all the information channels that determine opinions, including mainstream media and political parties.Our leaders have become sucked into this group-thinking and happily institute policies that unleash shutdowns that may cause the worst recession in history. Thousands of businesses are closing and long-term prospects are bleak.Governments are stepping in to pay wages and fund other services. As tax revenue will be virtually non-existent, public debt will soar. Some governments may default on their debts or resort to printing money, causing soaring inflation. These countries may be unable to fund healthcare, their police or their military, and be so weakened they will be invaded by others and be erased from the world map.That may be a worst-case scenario, but it’s almost certain that the impact of the shutdowns will be a recession comparable to the Great Depression. Yet what do most Western citizens make of it? Well, they are either unaware, uncaring, or they’re happy about it. They don’t seem to appreciate the consequent dangers. Instead, they are more obsessed with the latest celebrity who’s caught the virus. The consumers of this mass culture haven't built anything like what our ancestors did – enlightenment, the theory of relativity, parliamentary democracy, industrialisation, major advances in philosophy, science, literature and engineering. They don't have to defend any real values against a tangible enemy, because hiding in a herd with uniform group-think is good enough for them. Our ancestors had difficult, short lives; they had to work hard, produce enough to survive, fight enemies, and defend what they’d inherited. Numerous lasting values emerged from those efforts. The current generations of Westerners are good only at producing and escalating irrationality and panic. If a two-month lockdown isn’t deemed enough to contain the virus, they’re happy to extend it to six months, if not years. China decided to impose strict policies, but they were assertive enough to be relatively short-lived; many Westerners want less perfect policies to last for a much longer time. That’s clearly an irrational approach; instead of ‘flattening a curve’, rational leaders (like Beijing’s) try to turn the curve into a cliff. The faster you eliminate the virus, the cheaper it is.Immortality as an entitlement.This support for economically suicidal policies didn't start with Covid-19. Westerners have spent recent decades amid a prosperity in which they took material wealth and good healthcare for granted. They forgot what hunger (and, in most cases, unemployment) meant. They got used to demanding ever deeper ‘entitlements’, such as the ‘right not to be offended’. Activists sensationalised smaller and more implausible threats and demanded that governments mitigated them. In particular, the climate change movement advocated that the 1-2 °C of warming caused by CO2 emissions in a century was equivalent to an armageddon that had to be avoided, whatever the cost.In this context, it could be expected that the first ‘real challenge’ – and a new flu-like disease is certainly one – would make people fearful. Because if people were led to believe that 1-2 °C of warming was basically the end of the world, is it surprising that they're absolutely terrified of a new disease that has the potential to kill a few million old and sick people? The existential threat posed by coronavirus – or at least, our irrationality towards it – is greater than the climate threat (though still very small). Westerners who haven't seen any real threats for a long time have developed a condition – termed "affluenflammation" by the American musician Remy –  which is a pathological habit of inflating negligible threats. When this inflation of feelings is applied to a real threat, namely a pandemic, they lose their composure. The context of Covid-19, where every death is presented with horror, makes it clear that ‘immortality’ is just another ‘human right’. This wisdom says that our leaders are failing because they cannot defend this so-called right. But this excessive sensitivity is just one part of the problem.Many Westerners actively want to harm their economies, corporations, rich people, and governments, because they don't feel any attachment to or responsibility for them. They take security and prosperity for granted. Their money and food arrive from ‘somewhere’, and they don’t care about the source. And they believe that the structures which allow them to survive – the governments, banks, and so on – are ‘evil’. Some are just financially illiterate. But others know what they are saying, and rejoice in demanding that trillions be sacrificed in order to infinitesimally increase the probability that a 90-year-old will avoid infection and live a little bit longer. They don't accept their dependence on society and the system at all. They don't realise that their moral values, their ‘human rights’, are only available if paid for by prosperous societies.I have used some dramatic prose, so let me be clear: the scenario I’ve outlined – ending in the suicide of the West – is avoidable, and I hope and believe it will be. I know some who are willing to fight for its survival. But even if this acceleration towards shutdowns is reversed and countries restore their pre-virus businesses, our world won't be the same. Many people will conclude that the crisis was exciting, and try to kickstart a repetition. The curfew is likely to reduce CO2 emissions this year, so climate activists may try for similar results in the future. Terrorists may deploy some new disease – which, after all, is likely to be more effective than any stabbing or bombing.It's conceivable that the West’s brush with mortality will lead people to regain some common sense and survival instincts. Perhaps several nations going bankrupt will be a wake-up call. Maybe people will realise that the reaction to the coronavirus was disproportionate. But even if that is so, I’m afraid it won’t be enough. We need to accept that the positive relationship of Westerners to the roots of their civilization will be still missing – and that this is a virus that poses a much more fundamental existential threat than Covid-19.|0
Fears about coronavirus have prompted online searches and plenty of misinformation about how to strengthen the immune system. Here’s what works — and what doesn’t.As worries grow about the new coronavirus, online searches for ways to bolster the immune system have surged. Are there foods to boost your immune system? Will vitamins help?The immune system is a complex network of cells, organs and tissues that work in tandem to protect the body from infection. While genetics play a role, we know from studies of twins that the strength of our immune system is largely determined by nonheritable factors. The germs we are exposed to over a lifetime, as well as lifestyle factors like stress, sleep, diet and exercise all play a role in the strength of our immune response.The bottom line is that there is no magic pill or a specific food guaranteed to bolster your immune system and protect you from the new coronavirus. But there are real ways you can take care of yourself and give your immune system the best chance to do its job against a respiratory illness.Lower your stress. Worries about the coronavirus, the stock market and the general disruption of life have added to our stress levels, but we know that stress also can make you more susceptible to respiratory illness.In a series of remarkable studies over 20 years at Carnegie Mellon University, volunteers were exposed to the cold virus (using nose drops) and then quarantined for observation. The researchers found that people who reported less stress in their lives were less likely to develop cold symptoms. Another series of studies at Ohio State University found that marital conflict is especially taxing to the immune system. In a series of studies, the researchers inflicted small wounds on the arms of volunteers, and then asked couples to discuss topics both pleasant and stressful. When couples argued, their wounds took, on average, a full day longer to heal than after the sessions in which the couples discussed something pleasant. Among couples who exhibited especially high levels of hostility, the wounds took two days longer to heal.The bottom line: Your body does a better job fighting off illness and healing wounds when it’s not under stress. Learning techniques for managing stress, like meditation, controlled breathing or talking to a therapist are all ways to help your immune system stay strong.Improve your sleep habits. A healthy immune system can fight off infection. A sleep-deprived immune system doesn’t work as well. In one surprising study, researchers found 164 men and women willing to be exposed to the cold virus. Not everyone got sick. But short sleepers — those who regularly slept less than six hours a night — were 4.2 times more likely to catch the cold compared with those who got more than seven hours of sleep, researchers found. Risk was even higher when a person slept less than five hours a night.The bottom line: Focusing on better sleep habits is a good way to strengthen your immune system. The sweet spot for sleep is six to seven hours a night. Stick to a regular bedtime and wake-up schedule. Avoid screens, night-eating and exercise right before bedtime.Check your vitamin D level: While more study is needed on the link between vitamin D and immune health, some promising research suggests that checking your vitamin D level — and taking a vitamin D supplement — could help your body fight off respiratory illness. In one study of 107 older patients, some patients took high doses of vitamin D while others were given standard doses. After a year, the researchers found that people in the high-dose group had 40 percent fewer respiratory infections over the course of the year compared to those on the standard dose. A more recent analysis of 25 randomized controlled trials of 11,000 patients showed an overall protective effect of vitamin D supplementation against acute respiratory tract infections. The data aren’t conclusive, and some studies of vitamin D haven’t shown a benefit.Why would vitamin D lower risk for respiratory illness? Our bodies need adequate vitamin D to produce the antimicrobial proteins that kill viruses and bacteria. “If you don’t have adequate vitamin D circulating, you are less effective at producing these proteins and more susceptible to infection,” says Dr. Adit Ginde, professor of emergency medicine at the University of Colorado School of Medicine and the study’s lead author. “These proteins are particularly active in the respiratory tract.”It’s important to note that there are no clinical recommendations to take vitamin D for immune health, although the standard recommendation for bone health is for 600 to 800 international units per day. (That is the level found in most multivitamins.) In the study of respiratory illness and vitamin D, the dose was equivalent to about 3,330 international units daily.Vitamin D can be found in fatty fish, such as salmon, and in milk or foods fortified with vitamin D. In general, our vitamin D levels tend to be influenced by sun exposure, skin tone and latitude — people in northern areas who get less sun exposure in the winter typically have lower vitamin D. A blood test is required to check vitamin D levels. Less than 20 nanograms per milliliter is considered deficient. Above 30 is optimal.The bottom line: If you are concerned about immune health, you may consider having your vitamin D level checked and talking to your doctor about whether to take a supplement.Avoid excessive alcohol consumption. Numerous studies have found a link between excessive alcohol consumption and immune function. Research shows people who drink in excess are more susceptible to respiratory illness and pneumonia and recover from infection and wounds more slowly. Alcohol alters the number of microbes in the gut microbiome, a community of microorganisms that affect the immune system. Excessive alcohol can damage the lungs, and impair the mucosal immune system, which is essential in helping the body recognize pathogens and fight infection. And it’s not just chronic drinking that does damage. Binge drinking can also impair the immune system.The bottom line: A cocktail or glass of wine while you are sheltering in place during coronavirus is fine. But avoid drinking to excess. The current U.S. Dietary Guidelines for Americans recommend that alcohol should be consumed only in moderation — up to one drink per day for women and two drinks per day for men.Eat a balanced diet, exercise and skip unproven supplements. A healthful diet and exercise are important to maintaining a strong immune system. However, no single food or natural remedy has been proven to bolster a person’s immune system or ward off disease. But that hasn’t stopped people from making specious claims. A recipe circulating on social media claims boiled garlic water helps. Other common foods touted for their immune-boosting properties are ginger, citrus fruits, turmeric, oregano oil and bone broth. There are small studies that suggest a benefit to some of these foods, but strong evidence is lacking. For instance, the bone broth claim has been fueled by a study published in 2000 that showed eating chicken soup seemed to reduce symptoms of an upper respiratory tract infection. A number of small studies have suggested garlic may enhance immune system function. Claims that elderberry products can prevent viral illness also are making the rounds on social media, but evidence is lacking.Zinc supplements and lozenges are also a popular remedy for fighting off colds and respiratory illness. Some studies have found that zinc lozenges may reduce the duration of cold by about a day and, may reduce the number of upper respiratory infections in children. But the data on zinc are mixed. If you already have enough zinc from your diet, it’s not clear that taking a supplement can help. Zinc supplements also commonly cause nausea.“There are a lot of products that tout immune boosting properties, but I don’t think any of these have been medically proven to work,” said Dr. Krystina Woods, hospital epidemiologist and medical director of infection prevention at Mount Sinai West. “There are people who anecdotally say ‘I felt great after I took’ whatever. That may be true, but there’s no science to support that.”The bottom line: If you enjoy foods touted as immune boosters, there is no harm in eating them as part of a balanced diet. Just be sure that you don’t neglect proven health advice — like washing your hands and not touching your face — when it comes to protecting yourself from viral illness.|1
Self-isolation is voluntary isolation at home by those who have or are likely to have COVID-19 and are experiencing mild symptoms of the disease (in contrast to those who are severely ill and may be isolated in a hospital). The purpose of self-isolation is to prevent spread of infection from an infected person to others who are not infected. If possible, the decision to isolate should be based on physician recommendation. If you have tested positive for COVID-19, you should self-isolate.You should strongly consider self-isolation if you. have been tested for COVID-19 and are awaiting test results. have been exposed to the new coronavirus and are experiencing symptoms consistent with COVID-19 (fever, cough, difficulty breathing), whether or not you have been tested.You may also consider self-isolation if you have symptoms consistent with COVID-19 (fever, cough, difficulty breathing) but have not had known exposure to the new coronavirus and have not been tested for the virus that causes COVID-19. In this case, it may be reasonable to isolate yourself until your symptoms fully resolve, or until you are able to be tested for COVID-19 and your test comes back negative.Self-quarantine for 14 days by anyone with a household member who has been infected, whether or not they themselves are infected, is the current recommendation of the White House task force. Otherwise, voluntary quarantine at home by those who may have been exposed to the COVID-19 virus but are not experiencing symptoms associated with COVID-19 (fever, cough, difficulty breathing). The purpose of self-quarantine (as with self-isolation) is to prevent the possible spread of COVID-19. When possible, the decision to quarantine should be based on physician recommendation. Self-quarantine is reasonable if you are not experiencing symptoms, but have been exposed to the COVID-19 virus.|1
Just in case you are wondering how much the media controls people. America has been vaccinating cattle for Coronavirus for years, yet the news tells you it's new and gonna kill you all so go buy mask.|0
Older adults and people who have severe underlying medical conditions like heart or lung disease or diabetes seem to be at higher risk for developing more serious complications from COVID-19 illness. Watch for symptoms.People with COVID-19 have had a wide range of symptoms reported – ranging from mild symptoms to severe illness.Symptoms may appear 2-14 days after exposure to the virus. People with these symptoms may have COVID-19:Cough.Shortness of breath or difficulty breathing. Fever.Chills.Muscle pain.Sore throat. New loss of taste or smell.Children have similar symptoms to adults and generally have mild illness.This list is not all inclusive. Other less common symptoms have been reported, including gastrointestinal symptoms like nausea, vomiting, or diarrhea.When to Seek Emergency Medical Attention.Look for emergency warning signs for COVID-19. If someone is showing any of these signs, seek emergency medical care immediately.Trouble breathing.Persistent pain or pressure in the chest.New confusion.Inability to wake or stay awake.Bluish lips or faceThis list is not all possible symptoms. Please call your medical provider for any other symptoms that are severe or concerning to you.Call 911 or call ahead to your local emergency facility: Notify the operator that you are seeking care for someone who has or may have COVID-19.|1
No matter which hospital a coronavirus patient may seek help from, the question is, Will they be able to leave walking out the front door, or end up being wheeled out the basement backdoor? Prompt administration of intravenous vitamin C, in high doses, can make the difference.Abundant clinical evidence confirms vitamin C's effectiveness when used in sufficient quantity.Physicians have demonstrated the powerful antiviral action of vitamin C for decades.Specific instructions for intravenous vitamin C. The Japanese College of Intravenous Therapy (JCIT) recommends intravenous vitamin C (IVC) 12.5/25g (12,500 - 25,000 mg) for acute viral infections (influenza, herpes zoster, common cold, rubella, mumps, etc.) and virus mimetic infections (idiopathic sudden hearing loss, Bell's palsy). In adults, IVC 12.5g is given for early stage illness with mild symptoms, and IVC 25g for moderate to severe symptoms. IVC is usually administered once or twice a day for 2-5 continuous days, along with or without general treatments for viral infections.Patients with acute viral infections show a depletion of vitamin C and increasing free radicals and cellular dysfunction. Such patients should be treated with vitamin C, oral or IV, for neutralizing free radicals throughout the body and inside cells, maintaining physiological functions, and enhancing natural healing. If patients progress to sepsis, vitamin C should be added intravenously as soon as possible along with conventional therapy for sepsis.Toronto Star, 30 May 2003: "Fred Hui, MD believes that administering vitamin C intravenously is a treatment worth trying. And he'd like to see people admitted to hospital for the pneumonia-like virus treated with the vitamin intravenously while also receiving the usual drugs for SARS. 'I appeal to hospitals to try this for people who already have SARS,' says Hui. Members of the public would also do well to build up their levels of vitamin C, he says, adding that there is nothing to lose in trying it. 'This is one of the most harmless substances there is,' Hui states. 'There used to be concern about kidney stones, but that was theoretical. It was never borne out in an actual case.' Hui says he has found intravenous vitamin C effective in his medical practice with patients who have viral illnesses."Additional administration details are readily obtained from a free download of the complete Riordan Clinic Intravenous Vitamin C Protocol. Although initially prepared for cancer patients, the protocol has found widespread application for many other diseases, particularly viral illnesses."Research and experience has shown that a therapeutic goal of reaching a peak-plasma concentration of ~20 mM (350- 400 mg/dL) is most efficacious. (No increased toxicity for posoxidant IVC plasma vitamin C levels up to 780 mg/dL has been observed.).The administering physician begins with a series of three consecutive IVC infusions at the 15, 25, and 50 gram dosages followed by post IVC plasma vitamin C levels in order to determine the oxidative burden for that patient so that subsequent IVCs can be optimally dosed."There are four pages of supporting references."Given the rapid rate of success of intravenous vitamin C in viral diseases, I strongly believe it would be my first recommendation in the management of corona virus infections."Puerto Rico. "It is of great importance for all doctors to be informed about intravenous vitamin C. When a patient is already in hospital severely ill, this would be the best solution to help save her or his life."Winning the hospital game. When faced with hospitalization, the most powerful person in the most entire hospital system is the patient. However, in most cases, the system works on the assumption that the patient will not claim that power. If on your way in you signed the hospital's legal consent form, you can unsign it. You can revoke your permission. Just because somebody has permission to do one thing doesn't mean that they have the permission to do everything. There's no such thing as a situation that you cannot reverse. You can change your mind about your own personal healthcare. It concerns your very life. The rights of the patient override the rules of any institution.If the patient doesn't know that, or if they're not conscious, or if they just don't have the moxie to do it, the next most powerful person is the spouse. The spouse has enormous influence and can do almost as much as the patient. If the patient is incapacitated, the spouse can, and must, do all the more. If there is no spouse present, the next most powerful people in the system are the children of the patient.When you go to the hospital, bring along a big red pen, and cross out anything that you don't like in the hospital's permission form. And before you sign it, add anything you want. Write out "I want intravenous vitamin C, 25 grams per day, until I state otherwise." And should they say, "We're not going to admit you," you reply, "Please put it in writing that you refuse to admit me." What do you think their lawyers are going to do with that? They have to admit you. It's a game, and you can win it. But you can't win it if you don't know the rules. And basically, they don't tell you the rules.This is deadly serious. Medical mistakes are now the third leading cause of death in the US. Yes, medical errors kill over 400,000 Americans every year. That's 1,100 each day, every day.There are mistakes of commission and mistakes of omission. Failure to provide intravenous vitamin C is, literally, a grave omission. Do not allow yourself or your loved ones to be deprived of a simple, easy to prepare and administer IV of vitamin C."If a family member of mine died due to coronavirus infection, after a doctor refused to use intravenous vitamin C, I would challenge his or her treatment in a court of law. I would win."It can be done. Vitamin IVs can be arranged in virtually any hospital, anywhere in the world. Attorney and cardiologist Thomas E. Levy's very relevant presentation is free access. Both the letter and the intent of new USA legislation now make this easier for you."The new federal Right to Try Act provides patients suffering from life-threatening diseases or conditions the right to use investigational drugs... It amends the Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to exempt investigational drugs provided to patients who have exhausted approved treatment options and are unable to participate in a clinical trial involving the drug. Advocates of right to try laws have sought to accelerate access to new drugs for terminally ill patients who are running out of options. Arguably, the law does not represent a radical change in this and several other states, however, because in 2016, California had already joined the majority of other states in adopting a law enabling physicians to help terminally ill patients pursue investigational therapies, without fear of Medical Board or state civil or criminal liability. . . The new Right to Try law should give physicians, as well as drug manufacturers, some added comfort about FDA enforcement in these cases."Therefore, in regards to intravenous vitamin C, do not accept stories that "the hospital can't" or "the doctor can't" or that "the state won't allow it." If you hear any of this malarkey, please send the Orthomolecular Medicine News Service the text of the policy or the law that says so. In the meantime, take the reins and get vitamin C in the veins.|0
In earlier articles I related the opinions of biochemists and bio-warfare specialists on the circumstances justifying suspicion of a virus being created in a lab and deliberately released in a foreign country as a means of either low- or high-intensity warfare, or as merely a means of destabilising a nation and perhaps severely damaging its economy, with the loss of life being an added plus. The US is the country that appears most devoted to biological warfare, though a number of other nations are eager participants, including the UK and Israel.I would remind readers here of the statement from PNAC, in a report titled, “Rebuilding America’s Defenses”, that “Advanced forms of biological warfare that can ‘target’ specific genotypes may transform biological warfare … to a politically useful tool.”This subject is difficult to discuss openly in a nation of people, or even within international bodies like the UN. The infliction of such a pathogen onto a nation is clearly an act of war. However, if the leaders have not irrefutable proof of a bio-weapon and its source, and are not prepared for a military response, the only solution is to remain silent and emphasise research on defensive measures in the event of a recurrence. Even with overwhelming circumstantial evidence, a public statement or an accusation would likely be derided as yet another unfounded conspiracy theory. This is essentially the same with disclosure to the UN General Assembly or other such body; an accusation lacking conclusive proof would merely be derided and embarrassing.This is similarly true with destabilization and violence, as China has very recently experienced in Hong Kong (and which has not yet stabilized), and the violence in Tibet and Xinjiang. The American ‘black  hand’ (from the American consulate) was caught red-handed in Hong Kong and sources of funding the HK terrorists are now being identified. There is no dispute anywhere that the violence and terrorism in both Tibet and Xinjiang were American-inspired and funded, but absolute irrefutable proof is lacking. All of these are clearly acts of war but, lacking final proof, responses are limited to defensive measures.In a previous article on China’s new coronavirus, I referred to a thesis on Biological Weapons by Leonard Horowitz and Zygmunt Dembek who stated that clear signs of a genetically-engineered bio-warfare agent were (a) a disease caused by an uncommon (unusual, rare, or unique) agent, with (b) lack of an epidemiological explanation, i.e. no clear idea of source; (c) An “unusual manifestation and/or geographic distribution”, such as race-specificity; and (d) multiple sources of infection.China’s coronavirus appears to satisfy all four criteria. This is especially true since it appears that only one Caucasian (and some Japanese) has been infected to date, with the virus so far appearing to be tightly focused to Chinese.Also the statement by Dr. Leonard Horowitz who quoted one military expert as saying “Even if you suspect biological terrorism, it’s hard to prove. It’s equally hard to disprove . . . You can trace an arms shipment, but it’s almost impossible to trace the origins of a virus that comes from a bug.” Another expert stated  that a properly-done release of an infectious agent cannot be traced to its source and might be considered an “act of God”.In 2003, many Russian medical experts voiced the opinion that the SARS virus was most likely man-made and deliberately released as a weapon. Sergei Kolesnikov, a member of the Russian Academy of Medical Sciences, said the propagation of the SARS virus might well have been caused by leaking a combat virus grown in bacteriological weapons labs because the natural compound [of contained virus genome sections] was impossible, that the mix could never appear in nature, but could be done only in a laboratory.At the same time, Nikolai Filatov, the head of Moscow’s epidemiological services, stated he believed SARS was man-made because “there is no vaccine for this virus, its make-up is unclear, it has not been very widespread and the population is not immune to it."It appears the Russians may be arriving at the same conclusion for China’s new virus in 2020. The text below consists of a condensed version of an interview conducted by the Russian news portal mk.ru, on January 27, 2020, with Igor Nikulin, a former member of the UN Commission on Biological and Chemical Weapons (1998-2003).The article begins by noting that the prevalence of the coronavirus in China is increasing, while Beijing takes extraordinary measures to reduce the impact of this disaster. It further states that a number of experts “note strange coincidences in the circumstances” of the emergence of this new infection and are reluctant to exclude an “artificial origin”. Mr. Nikulin was asked to comment on the situation.Russian Expert: “We Cannot Rule Out Man Made Origin of these Infections”Interviewer: in recent years dangerous for humans coronaviruses appear more and more often. What does this have to do with anything?Nikulin: With these coronaviruses, the situation is really very strange. Until 2000, none of them “jumped on a person.” They have been living next to humans for millions of years, but always only on some animals parasitized. For example, on camels, as in the case of [MERS]. Or on bats, birds, anyone, but this infection did not pass on to a person. And there are already 8 deadly viruses in 20 years. It’s obviously too much.Interviewer: So we can’t rule out the man-made origin of these infections?Nikulin: If it was the first outbreak, you’d think it was a natural mutation. But it is hardly natural, because every few years such incidents are repeated. It’s atypical pneumonia, it’s avian flu, it’s swine flu, it’s something else.Interviewer: Some experts note that the time of the outbreak in China seems to be chosen specifically to cause maximum harm. Just on the eve of the New Year on the Eastern calendar, when in China mass internal migration for the holidays, as well as events with the participation of a large number of people. And the place seemed to be specially selected. Historically and geographically, all roads in China lead to Wuhan. It is the largest transport hub, the largest international airport. Through it [planes] fly to the States, Australia, Japan, the Middle East, Paris, London, Moscow. Besides these coincidences, what can prove the artificial origin of the virus?”Nikulin: Just deciphering the genome. Its results may show if it is a virus of natural origin, or laboratory, when some recombinant “piece” is inserted into the gene . . . there are modern computer programs that allow you to read all this, decipher and compare with the samples available in databases.Interviewer: Is it possible that the new coronavirus only affects people of Chinese nationality? So it’s set on certain features of the human gene?Nikulin: If it turns out that this is indeed the case, then such a natural mutation cannot be accurate. It’s mathematical proof that it’s an artificially created virus.Interviewer: In which labs can it appear?Nikulin: I can only assume. But look: China, like Russia, is surrounded by American research biolaboratories. They are in different countries along the perimeter of China’s borders – in Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Afghanistan, Pakistan, Taiwan, Philippines, South Korea, Japan. They were in Indonesia, but they closed them. And wherever there are these American biolaboratories, or near them, there are outbreaks of new diseases, often unknown. Threats to the local population are simply ignored by Americans. The main thing is that it was away from the territory of the United States.Interviewer: How many foreign biolaboratories do the U.S. have?Nikulin: It’s 400.Interviewer: They are overseen by the Pentagon?Nikulin: Of course. It’s all funded from the Pentagon budget. Therefore, it is not necessary to say that peaceful humanitarian research is being carried out there. Do you think the Pentagon’s money is being spent on peaceful research? No one is allowed in. These are military labs. When more than a hundred people died in Georgia near such a laboratory within one month, do you think someone was allowed to go there? No one was allowed into the American laboratory at all.Those countries that consider themselves victims of bioterrorism should investigate all these cases and bring them up for international discussion. For example, to the UN Security Council. To raise the issue of the activities of American biolaboratories outside the United States. We have to do something. Because a lot of people are already suffering from it. And in general, it is necessary to strengthen the biosecurity of the country.|0
When you start researching and reading about what is going on with this “new” virus, you will be taken down a rabbit hole… It might not be pretty, but you will see the truth. I am planning to write more about it later this week. Bill Gates is a known eugenicist. And he does not hide it! He has claimed several times that we need to reduce the population on earth. And he stated that vaccination is one tool to achieve just that! Maybe that is why his children are not vaccinated… Vaccination is an act of genocide, it is a eugenic tool used by the globalists. Genocide is an intentional action to destroy a people in whole or in part. That is what vaccines exactly do! There is no conspiracy theory in what I am about to say. Everything is supported by facts, and you can verify yourself. This eugenic program, which is vaccination, takes root in the Rockefeller and Bill Gates foundations. Several lines of current immunological contraceptive research continue to seek what, during the 1930s, Max Mason of the Rockefeller Foundation called “anti-hormones”: vaccines to block hormones needed for very early pregnancy and a vaccine to block the hormone needed for the surface of the egg to function properly. The Rockefeller Foundation launched massive funding-operations into anti-fertility vaccines, the Task Force on Vaccines for Fertility Regulation was created under auspices of the World Health Organization, World Bank, and the UN Population Fund. Its mission, according to one of its members, to support: “basic and clinical research on the development of birth control vaccines directed against the gametes or the preimplantation embryo. These studies have involved the use of advanced procedures in peptide chemistry, hybridoma technology, and molecular genetics, as well as the evaluation of a number of novel approaches in general vaccinology. As a result of this international, collaborative effort, a prototype anti-HCG vaccine is now undergoing clinical testing, raising the prospect that a totally new family planning method may be available before the end of the current decade.” In regards to the scope of the Task Force’s jurisdiction, the Biotechnology and Development Monitor reported: “The Task Force acts as a global coordinating body for anti-fertility vaccine R&D in the various working groups and supports research on different approaches, such as anti-sperm and anti-ovum vaccines and vaccines designed to neutralize the biological functions of hCG. The Task Force has succeeded in developing a prototype of an anti-hCG-vaccine”. “If vaccines could be developed which could safely and effectively inhibit fertility, without producing unacceptable side effects, they would be an attractive addition to the present armamentarium of fertility regulating methods and would be likely to have a significant impact on family planning programs.” Right there, they openly claim that they are doing some research on anti-fertility vaccines. In 1986 Mr. Spieler, a member of the Task Force, declared: “A new approach to fertility regulation is the development of vaccines directed against human substances required for reproduction. Potential candidates for immunological interference include reproductive hormones, ovum, and sperm antigens, and antigens derived from embryonic or fetal tissue. An antifertility vaccine must be capable of safely and effectively inhibiting a human substance, which would need somehow to be rendered antigenic. A fertility-regulating vaccine, moreover, would have to produce and sustain effective immunity in at least 95% of the vaccinated population, a level of protection rarely achieved even with the most successful viral and bacterial vaccines. But while these challenges looked insuperable just a few years ago, recent advances in biotechnology- particularly in the fields of molecular biology, genetic engineering, and monoclonal antibody production- are bringing antifertility vaccines into the realm of the feasible.”Author Jurriaan Maessan stumbled upon some very compelling and important research back in 2010 while digging through annual reports for the Rockefeller Foundation that conclusively prove that it funded numerous research projects into the development “anti-fertility” vaccines, with its origins in scientific research dating back to at least 1968, and with successful research conducted by at least 1988. There now exists several methods to sterilize both men and women by injection, as well as to terminate pregnancies and/or induce spontaneous abortions.The Rockefeller family, among others, financed Eugenics research at the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute in Nazi Germany, where some of the most horrifying “scientific” research was conducted, including the work of Josef Mengele.Following World War II, Eugenics was re-branded to cast off its associations with the Nazis, and emerged, as it were, in the form of such social policy topics as “population control,” “family planning,” abortion/Planned Parenthood, health care, various types of genetics, even laced in between such screeds as global warming/climate change, which leads to arguments about reducing the burden of over-population upon the earth.Bill Gates and David Rockefeller were the leading members of a billionaires’ club that met in secret to discuss how to strengthen measures for population control, particularly in the developing world, through the guise of “philanthropy.” Other notable members include Ted Turner, George Soros, Warren Buffett, Oprah Winfrey, and Michael Bloomberg.It sounds crazy, but here’s a paper to support these claims:Anti-fertility vaccines published in Vaccine. 1989 Apr;7(2):97-101.“Vaccines are under development for the control of fertility in males and females. This review discusses developments in anti-fertility vaccines at the National Institute of Immunology, New Delhi, India. A single injection procedure for the sterilization or castration of male animals depending on the site at which the injection is given has passed through field testing and is expected to be on the market in the near future. Vaccines inducing antibodies against the human chorionic gonadotropin have gone through phase I trials with satisfactory results. A vaccine producing a consistently bioeffective antibody response against gonadotropin-releasing hormone is ready for phase I/II clinical trials in patients of carcinoma of the prostate after due experimentation in animals and toxicology studies. Research to identify sperm antigens for incorporation into second-generation vaccines is in progress.”“LDH-C4, a sperm-specific mitochondrial antigen, produced an antibody response in baboons and reduced fertility in the females. Animal fertility control vaccines will be shortly on the market, but the use of recombinant DNA techniques should also accelerate the development of others.” Then, another article in Vaccine Wkly. 1995 May 29 – Jun 5:9-10.“Tetanus vaccine may be laced with an anti-fertility drug. International / developing countries.”A priest, president of Human Life International (HLI) based in Maryland, has asked Congress to investigate reports of women in some developing countries unknowingly receiving a tetanus vaccine laced with the anti-fertility drug human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG). If it is true, he wants Congress to publicly condemn the mass vaccinations and to cut off funding to UN agencies and other involved organizations.The natural hormone hCG is needed to maintain pregnancy. The hormone would produce antibodies against hCG to prevent pregnancy. In the fall of 1994, the Pro-Life Committee of Mexico was suspicious of the protocols for the tetanus toxoid campaign because they excluded all males and children and called for multiple injections of the vaccine in only women of reproductive age.Yet, one injection provides protection for at least 10 years. The Committee had vials of the tetanus vaccine analyzed for hCG. It informed HLI about the tetanus toxoid vaccine. HLI then told its World Council members and HLI affiliates in more than 60 countries. Similar tetanus vaccines laced with hCG have been uncovered in the Philippines and in Nicaragua.In addition to the World Health Organization (WHO), other organizations involved in the development of an anti-fertility vaccine using hCG include the UN Population Fund, the UN Development Programme, the World Bank, the Population Council, the Rockefeller Foundation, the US National Institute of Child Health and Human Development, the All India Institute of Medical Sciences, and Uppsala, Helsinki, and Ohio State universities.The priest objects that, if indeed the purpose of the mass vaccinations is to prevent pregnancies, women are uninformed, unsuspecting, and unconsenting victims.The same story happened in Kenya.In October 2014, the conference of Catholic bishops in Kenya released a statement regarding the tetanus vaccine program implemented under UN auspices.The issue was subsequently addressed by Kenya’s Catholic Doctors Association. (see article below).Published below are the following texts:a recent review article pertaining to the 2014 findings of Kenya’s Catholic Doctors Association concerning the tetanus vaccine. No update is provided in this article with regard to Kenya.the original 2014 statement by the Conference of Catholic Bishops.the 2014 response by UNICEF and the WHO with regard to the tetanus vaccine.May 23, 2019According to LifeSiteNews, [November 2014] a Catholic publication, the Kenya Catholic Doctors Association is charging UNICEF and WHO with sterilizing millions of girls and women under cover of an anti-tetanus vaccination program sponsored by the Kenyan government.The Kenya Catholic Doctors Association, however, saw evidence to the contrary and had six different samples of the tetanus vaccine from various locations around Kenya sent to an independent laboratory in South Africa for testing.The results confirmed their worst fears: all six samples tested positive for the HCG antigen. The HCG antigen is used in anti-fertility vaccines but was found present in tetanus vaccines targeted to young girls and women of childbearing age. Dr. Ngare, a spokesman for the Kenya Catholic Doctors Association, stated in a bulletin released November 4:“This proved right our worst fears; that this WHO campaign is not about eradicating neonatal tetanus but a well-coordinated forceful population control mass sterilization exercise using a proven fertility regulating vaccine. This evidence was presented to the Ministry of Health before the third round of immunization but was ignored.”Dr. Ngare brought up several points about the mass tetanus vaccination program in Kenya that caused the Catholic doctors to become suspicious:Dr. Ngare told said that several things alerted doctors in the Church’s far-flung medical system of 54 hospitals, 83 health centers, and 17 medical and nursing schools to the possibility the anti-tetanus campaign was secretly an anti-fertility campaign.Why, they ask, does it involve an unprecedented five shots (or “jabs” as they are known, in Kenya) over more than two years and why is it applied only to women of childbearing years, and why is it being conducted without the usual fanfare of government publicity?“Usually we give a series three shots over two to three years, we give it anyone who comes into the clinic with an open wound, men, women or children,” said Dr. Ngare.But it is the five vaccination regime that is most alarming. “The only time tetanus vaccine has been given in five doses is when it is used as a carrier in fertility regulating vaccines laced with the pregnancy hormone, Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (HCG) developed by WHO in 1992.”It should be noted that UNICEF and WHO distribute these vaccines for free and that there are financial incentives for the Kenyan government to participate in these programs. When funds from the UN are not enough to purchase yearly allotments of vaccines, an organization started and funded by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, GAVI, provides extra funding for many of these vaccination programs in poor countries.UNICEF began a similar mass vaccination program with 500,000 doses of live oral polio vaccine in the Philippines after a Super Typhoon devastated Tacloban and surrounding areas. This was in spite of the fact there were no reported cases of polio in the Philippines since 1993, and people who have had the live polio vaccine can “shed” the virus into sewage systems, thereby causing the actual disease it is supposed to be preventing.Very similar mass vaccination with the live oral polio vaccine occurred among Syrian refugees in 2013 when 1.7 million doses of polio vaccine were purchased by UNICEF, in spite of the fact that no cases of polio had been seen since 1999. After the mass vaccination program started, cases of polio began to reappear in Syria.It seems quite apparent that UNICEF and WHO use these local disasters to mass vaccinate people, mainly children and young women. Massive education and propaganda efforts are also necessary to convince the local populations that they need these vaccines.This dubious enterprise led to a massive vaccine initiative to vaccinate against relatively rare tetanus in The Philippines, Nicaragua, and Mexico. These vaccine vials, distributed by the WHO, were found to contain hCG, which, when combined with tetanus toxoid carrier, stimulated the formation of antibodies against human chorionic gonadotropin, rendering women incapable of maintaining a pregnancy and potentially inducing a covert, involuntary abortion. Population control under the cover of health care.Closer to us, this article was recently published in J Toxicol Environ Health A. 2018;81(14):661-674:“A lowered probability of pregnancy in females in the USA aged 25-29 who received a human papillomavirus vaccine injection.”The authors state:“Approximately 60% of women who did not receive the HPV vaccine had been pregnant at least once, whereas only 35% of women who were exposed to the vaccine had conceived. For married women, 75% who did not receive the shot were found to conceive, while only 50% who received the vaccine had ever been pregnant. Using logistic regression to analyze the data, the probability of having been pregnant was estimated for females who received an HPV vaccine compared with females who did not receive the shot. Results suggest that females who received the HPV shot were less likely to have ever been pregnant than women in the same age group who did not receive the shot. If 100% of females in this study had received the HPV vaccine, data suggest the number of women having ever conceived would have fallen by 2 million.”Yes, 2 million!!Then, in 2016, the American College of Pediatricians emitted a warning that the HPV vaccine leads to premature ovarian failure.Have you seen this article:“People with autism are ‘dying younger,’ warns a study.”“Overall, people with ASD were 2.56 times more likely to have died during the study period than people without (odds ratio [OR] 2.56, 95% confidence interval [CI] 2.38 to 2.76). The average age of death for people with ASD was 53.87 years, compared with 70.2 years for people without.These stark figures break down to give some even more worrying numbers. People with low-functioning ASD on average died before they reached 40, at 39.5 years.Overall, people with low-functioning ASD had a higher risk of having died, a more than fivefold risk, compared with a twofold risk for people with high-functioning ASD.Women with low-functioning ASD had the highest risk of any group, an eightfold higher risk of death than a woman the same age without ASD.Apart from infections, people with ASD were more likely than those without to have died from any of the causes of death considered. However, the two causes that stand out are suicide and epilepsy.People with ASD were 7.55 times more likely to die by suicide. People with high-functioning ASD were at greater risk of suicide than low-functioning groups, and – unusually, women were more at risk than men. In the general population, rates of suicide are 3.5 times higher in men compared with women.Deaths as a result of nervous system disorders, primarily epilepsy – were 7.49 times higher among those with ASD, and people with low-functioning ASD were most at risk.”Genocide. There’s no other word to explain it.Most people living today, especially younger people, have no idea that a key agenda of globalism is the elimination of “undesirable” humans from the gene pool. They believe that ideas of “eugenics” and genocide were only carried out by the Nazis, not by American university professors and presidential science advisors.So they have no grasp of the context in which Planned Parenthood, for example, operates today as a depopulation engine to eliminate blacks from society. (Planned Parenthood’s founder, Margaret Sanger, was a black-hating eugenicist whose ideas directly inspired the genocidal goals of the Third Reich.)The New York Times article quotes Dr. Paul Ehrlich of Stanford University, a depopulation advocate, as well as President Richard Nixon’s chief science adviser, Dr. Lee DuBridge, who said that “population control should be the prime task of every government.”In the article, Dr. Ehrlich laments the fact that biologists believe, “compulsory family regulation will be necessary to retard population growth.” In essence, he is arguing that the government should be in charge of reproductive rights, determining who is allowed to reproduce and who must be sterilized.To achieve the sterilization goals, he “urged establishing a Federal Population Commission ‘with a large budget for propaganda,’” reports the New York Times. He also called for, “the addition of a temporary sterilant to staple food, or to the water supply” in order to cause mandatory infertility.Dr. Barry Commoner of Washington University in St. Louis added to the discussion:Can we not invent a way to reduce our population growth rate to zero? Every human institution, school, university, church, family, government, and international agencies such as Unesco, should set this as its prime task.Most Americans have no awareness that this agenda is well underway. Flu shots, for example, are now scientifically confirmed to cause spontaneous abortions, a form of infertility and population control. This explains exactly why the CDC began pushing for flu shot vaccines during all three trimesters of gestation in expectant mothers.Sperm viability is also plummeting across the modern world, according to dozens of published scientific studies. One such study, conducted by the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, found that sperm concentrations have plummeted more than 50 percent from 1973 to 2011.In addition, more than 25% of couples are sterile. They will need to use IVF, for example, to get pregnant.According to the abstract of this study, as reported in Science Daily:These findings strongly suggest a significant decline in male reproductive health that has serious implications beyond fertility and reproduction, given recent evidence linking poor semen quality with a higher risk of hospitalization and death.Covert vectors for depopulation that are being pursued right nowThe depopulation goals from 1969 are in full force in America today. Some of the vectors for covert sterilization and depopulation now include:Covert genetic modification of crops to grow RNA interference fragments that nullify male fertility in humans.The continued use of toxic mercury and aluminum in vaccines in order to cause spontaneous abortions in pregnant women.Planned Parenthood abortion centers that target minority communities for eugenics “cleansing” of the gene pool.Inoculation of all vaccine recipients with hidden, cancer-causing viruses that are deliberately allowed to contaminate many vaccines. (See the SV40 Simian Virus fiasco affecting 98 million Americans via the polio vaccine.) (Also, read the book “Plague” by Judy Mikovitz.)The planned, deliberate use of cancer-causing ingredients in popular food and water supplies.Spiking public health vaccines with covert sterilization chemicals, exactly as has been confirmed in African vaccination campaigns that target young black women for sterilization without their knowledge or consent (see above).If you do not know that mass sterilization efforts are underway right now to eliminate human fertility and drastically reduce the global population, then you are not yet well-versed on reality.Even Bill Gates openly talks about achieving the correct amount of population reduction by using vaccines and other vectors, saying:“The world today has 6.8 billion people… that’s headed up to about 9 billion. Now if we do a really great job on new vaccines, health care, reproductive health services, we could lower that by perhaps 10 or 15 percent.”Legislators in thirteen states have introduced bills that would severely constrict or eliminate exemptions from compulsory vaccination, with the intended aim of coercing, cajoling, or forcing those who have not been vaccinated to become so. Those states are California (SB 277); Illinois (SB 1410); Maine (LD 606); Maryland (HB 687); Minnesota (SF 380 and HF 393); New Jersey (S 1147 and A351); New Mexico (HB 522); Oregon (SB 442); Pennsylvania; Rhode Island (S381); Texas (SB 1114; SB 538; HB 2006); Vermont (H212; S87); and Washington (HB 2009).They are pushing their agenda full force.This agenda may by what the 20th-century French philosopher Michel Foucault called biopolitics, where hyper-medicalization is used as a strategy by governments to control its population and not for the ostensible reason of providing healthcare services.Given that today being infected with a novel form of influenza has been written into the law via executive order as a quantifiable “offense,” the medical and military models have merged to a point where one could theoretically be classified as a bioweapon/bioterrorist either by being determined infected by a particular pathogen or by refusing a vaccine designed to protect against it. See by yourself: https://georgewbush-whitehouse.archives.gov/news/releases/2005/04/20050401-6.htmlOne has to wonder if the absurdity of the pro-life/pro-vaccine hybrid is just an expression of the Zeitgeist we are now transiting through a period of the complete secularization of faith, such that Science has now become the centralizing and preempting God of all other belief systems, and by implication that there is only one Truth and one Way to apply it medically speaking.The resultant medical monotheism requires absolute obedience to the absurd notion that there is only one way to define and treat the body. This, of course, makes biomedical interventions like vaccination and chemotherapy mandatory and marks the end of all personal choice and liberty.After reading my 2 posts, there should not be any doubts in your mind that the vaccination program was designed by Satan. There is nothing good about it.Certainly, God would never approve of this practice where babies are being killed, ever.Isaiah 35:5“Then the eyes of the blind will be opened and the ears of the deaf will be unstopped.”Acts 26:18“to open their eyes so that they may turn from darkness to light and from the dominion of Satan to God, that they may receive forgiveness of sins and an inheritance among those who have been sanctified by faith in Me”2 Corinthians 3:16“but whenever a person turns to the Lord, the veil is taken away.” Let’s pray that the world sees the Light in the name of Jesus Christ, our savior.|0
The truth is that the fewer people you and your children are exposed to, the better. However, the reality is that not every family will be able to have a parent at home at all times.All people can do is try to minimize the risk by doing things like:choosing a babysitter who has minimal exposures to other people besides your family. limiting the number of babysitters. If you can keep it to one, that's ideal, but if not keep the number as low as possiblemaking sure that the babysitter understands that he or she needs to practice social distancing, and needs to let you know (and not come to your house!) if he or she feels at all sick or has a known exposure to COVID-19. having the babysitter limit physical interactions and closeness with your children, to the extent that this is possible. making sure that everyone washes their hands frequently throughout the day, especially before eating.|1
Quick Take. A claim being pushed on social media and by an organization skeptical of vaccines is using a military study to falsely suggest that the flu vaccine increases someone’s risk of contracting COVID-19. The study does not say that, and the Military Health System advises people to get the flu shot.Full Story. Federal health officials are warning that the novel coronavirus outbreak could resurge in the fall, presenting a significant public health quandary: fighting both COVID-19 and the flu at the same time.Robert Redfield, director of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, noted the importance of the flu vaccine in controlling the spread of influenza in a recent interview with the Washington Post. He said the flu shot “may allow there to be a hospital bed available for your mother or grandmother that may get coronavirus.”But social media posts are singing a different tune, cautioning against the flu shot by falsely suggesting that the vaccine increases the chances of getting COVID-19 by “36%.”The argument is being pushed in a post by Children’s Health Defense — an organization founded by Robert F. Kennedy Jr., known for his vaccine skepticism — headlined “Pentagon Study: Flu Shot Raises Risk of Coronavirus by 36% (and Other Supporting Studies).” The post, republished elsewhere, pointed to “peer-reviewed, published studies” to “prove” that advice offered by CNN anchor Anderson Cooper in March for people to get the flu shot “may have been the worst advice he could have given the public.”That’s wrong.First of all, experts say there has been no study connecting the flu shot with an increased risk of SARS-CoV-2, the novel coronavirus that causes COVID-19.The central study cited by the Children’s Health Defense is a 2019 Armed Forces Health Surveillance Branch study that probed the theory that “influenza vaccination may increase the risk of other respiratory viruses” — a concept known as “virus interference.”Edward Belongia, an infectious disease epidemiologist at the Marshfield Clinic Research Institute, told us that the theory rests on the idea that “if you get a flu infection, for example, maybe for some period of time your immune response to that flu infection reduces your risk of getting infected by some other virus.”Belongia said virus interference has been the subject of speculation and some studies with mixed results, but there is ultimately little data to support it. A 2013 study he worked on, cited in the AFHSB study, found that “influenza vaccination was not associated with detection of noninfluenza respiratory viruses.”In fact, the AFHSB study concluded that its “overall results … showed little to no evidence supporting the association of virus interference and influenza vaccination.”The erroneous claim that the study shows a heightened risk for COVID-19 for those vaccinated for the flu hinges on the study’s suggestion that vaccinated individuals appeared more likely to get “coronavirus.”But the study looked at four types of seasonal coronaviruses that cause common colds, not SARS-CoV-2.What’s more, Belongia said, the results in the study that indicate a flu-vaccinated person has an increased likelihood of testing positive for a seasonal coronavirus do not appear to be adjusted for age groups or seasons. Those factors could affect someone’s chances of getting a specific virus, regardless of whether or not they’ve been vaccinated for the flu.Different viruses affect different age groups and circulate at different times, he said. “It can be easily explained just by random variation and the fact that they didn’t adjust for confounding variables.”The Military Health System, of which the AFHSB is a part, noted in a statement to FactCheck.org that the study used data collected two years before the emergence of COVID-19 and looked at the seasonal coronaviruses — “impacting children and adults with no serious complications” — which “do not have the potential for epidemic or pandemic spread.”“The study does not show or suggest that influenza vaccination predisposes in any way, the potential for infection with the more severe forms of coronavirus, such as COVID-19,” the MHS said.Furthermore, the statement said, “it’s also important to note the study found evidence of significant protection by influenza vaccination against not only multiple forms of the flu, but other, very serious non-influenza viruses, such as parainfluenza, Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV), and non-influenza virus coinfections. It remains essential for people to obtain the seasonal flu shot each year as it becomes available.”There have been some results suggestive of virus interference, which the Children’s Health Defense cites in its post. But none of the studies referenced assessed risks of the flu shot when it comes to COVID-19.For example, Sharon Rikin, an assistant professor of medicine at Albert Einstein College of Medicine and Montefiore Medical Center, said in an email that a 2018 study she worked on “showed an association with flu vaccination and a slightly higher risk of non-flu acute respiratory infections (such as the common cold) in children. However, this association was not seen in adults.”“In medicine, we are always weighing the risks and benefits of treatments. In this case, we know that the flu vaccine is safe and effective to reduce illness and death among children and adults every year,” Rikin added. “We have not studied the association between flu vaccination and risk of COVID-19. Fortunately, COVID-19 is typically not causing significant illness in children. However, preventing illness and death from flu still remains extremely important for children.”Rikin said “just because we found an association between flu vaccines and acute respiratory infections does not mean that the flu vaccine actually caused there to be a higher risk of infections.” She said the group struggled to find a “biologically plausible explanation” and that while “there is a small body of literature that hypothesizes that the phenomenon of shifts in viral prevalence could be caused by viral interference,” there is not “strong empirical evidence of this occurring.”Belongia told us that, ultimately, the evidence of virus interference through such studies “is weak and inconclusive.”“Overall, we do not see evidence of virus interference that is sufficient to raise concerns about flu vaccination and COVID-19 risk,” he said. “Serious COVID-19 disease occurs primarily in adults, and we do not have evidence of flu vaccine causing virus interference in adult age groups.”He said that getting the flu shot, if anything, is especially important because of potential problems posed by the combination of the flu and COVID-19, both for the health care system and individuals.Likewise, Richard Ellison, a professor of medicine at the University of Massachusetts Medical School and hospital epidemiologist at UMass Memorial Medical Center, told us in an email that “getting the flu itself carries very significant morbidity and potentially mortality — so we don’t want someone to get the flu in the first place.”“In addition, while having the flu may boost the immune system, it can significantly weaken someone’s overall health status, and make them more susceptible to complications should they be unfortunate enough to have both influenza and COVID-19 in the same year.”|0
No. Spraying alcohol or chlorine all over your body will not kill viruses that have already entered your body. Spraying such substances can be harmful to clothes or mucous membranes (i.e. eyes, mouth). Be aware that both alcohol and chlorine can be useful to disinfect surfaces, but they need to be used under appropriate recommendations.|1
As countries around the world ease the lockdowns that have been crippling their economies, the race is on to develop smartphone apps to help contain the spread of the novel coronavirus when people are no longer confined to their homes.Scientists say contact tracing is key to prevent a resurgence of the virus, by tracking down infected people and finding everyone who has been near them, so they can get tested or quarantined.On Tuesday, Britain started testing its own COVID-19 tracing app on the Isle of Wight, off the south coast of England. It joins Australia, Israel, Singapore and other nations in rolling out such tools.But the tech race has raised privacy and accuracy concerns among rights groups and technology experts.And the question of whether the apps can deliver on their promise is a matter of debate, with researchers warning that mobile phones are no silver bullet against COVID-19.“A mobile app alone is not enough,” said Thomas Hardjono, chief technology officer for the Connection Science programme at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), which has built its own app.Further research to better understand the virus and consistent testing efforts would be needed to complement any contact tracing app, he said. “It needs to be part of a bigger effort.”Worldwide, about 3.6 million people have been infected by the respiratory disease and more than 250,000 have died, according to a Reuters tally.BEYOND TRADITIONAL TRACING. Contact tracing has been used for decades to control the spread of infectious diseases and is normally carried out by public health investigators who interview patients to find out who they have met and where they have been in the previous days.But with almost half of novel coronavirus transmissions occurring before symptoms appear, traditional methods are too slow to keep up, researchers say.A report published in April by the Johns Hopkins Center for Health Security in Maryland said the United States needed 100,000 more contact tracers to effectively tackle the pandemic.Given the virus’ rapid spread, even a single day’s delay in contact tracing could be the difference between getting the virus under control and suffering a resurgence, according to researchers from the University of Oxford in Britain.Here is where health experts say apps can help.Smartphones keep track of their location via cell-tower signals, Wi-Fi signals and the satellite-based global positioning system, known as GPS.Through Bluetooth technology, which allows devices to connect to others nearby, phones can also log other phones that have come within a few metres of them.Using that data, contact tracing apps can instantly inform users if they have come into contact with someone who has tested positive for COVID-19, and advise them to call a doctor, get tested or self-isolate.DIGITAL HANDSHAKES.But the prospect of widespread data collection worries some citizens and civil rights groups like European Digital Rights.The use of GPS and other geolocation data could provide authorities with a detailed map of a user’s every movement, leaving the door open to abuse, said Diego Naranjo, head of policy at the digital civil rights group.“That gives (authorities) a very accurate description of your reality and who you are ... it should be avoided at all costs,” he told the Thomson Reuters Foundation by phone.If the data were to become public, people at risk of infection could face discrimination and the places they visited become ostracized, privacy activists say.Apps that work only through Bluetooth could offer more privacy protections because they amass less information, collecting only data about who people meet but not where they are, said Naranjo.Yet, issues remain around who can view a phone’s list of the devices it has connected with, known as “handshakes”.Some states favour storing all the data on a central server, while others prefer a system in which Bluetooth logs would be kept on individual devices.Centralised systems are easier to design and manage and would allow health authorities access to more information, but privacy advocates say they could also expose millions of people’s personal data to hacks and leaks.“Decentralised is the best option,” said Naranjo. “It gives more power to the individual and diminishes the risk.”NO ALTERNATIVE.Contact tracing apps are also not foolproof, tech and biology experts have warned.GPS or cell tower location data can wrongly record everyone on a busy city block as contacts.Similarly, Bluetooth can log phones that are near each other but separated by walls, although developers have been working on ways to better define “contacts” based on the length and strength of the handshakes between devices.Apps also do not take into account whether users who have been in contact with others were wearing protective equipment at the time, according to researchers from the Brookings Institution, a Washington-based think tank.This raises the possibility of an app flagging someone as being in danger of infection even if, in reality, the risk is minimal, the researchers say.“There is a real risk that these mobile-based apps can turn unaffected individuals into social pariahs, restricted from accessing public and private spaces or participating in social and economic activities,” they wrote in an article last month.Another challenge is take up, with some epidemiologists saying at least 40% of a country’s population needs to activate digital contact tracing for the system to be effective.In Singapore, only about one in five people have downloaded a government-backed Bluetooth-based contact tracing app since it launched in March.About 12% of Australians have so far installed a similar app that was launched last week.And a poll released in April by the Washington Post and the University of Maryland found more than half of all Americans either do not own smartphones or would not use the contact tracing app being developed by tech giants Google and Apple.Yet, even with all their limitations, apps could still prove useful - if only because there is no alternative, said Hardjono of MIT.“Right now, this is all we have,” he said.|1
Frequent or excessive alcohol consumption can increase your risk of health problems.|1
At present, there is no evidence that pets such as dogs or cats can spread the COVID-19 virus to humans. However, pets can spread other infections that cause illness, including E. coli and Salmonella, so wash your hands thoroughly with soap and water after interacting with pets.|1
Preliminary data from the EU/EEA (from the countries with available data) show that around 20-30% of diagnosed COVID-19 cases are hospitalised and 4% have severe illness. Hospitalisation rates are higher for those aged 60 years and above, and for those with other underlying health conditions.|1
Back in 2015 the NIH under the direction of Dr. Tony Fauci gave a $3.7 million grant to the Wuhan Institute of Virology. The Wuhan Institute of Virology is now the main suspect in leaking the coronavirus that has killed more than 50,000 Americans and, thanks to Dr. Fauci again, destroyed the US economy.As early as 2018 US State Department officials warned about safety risks at the Wuhan Institute of Virology lab on scientists conducting risky tests with the bat coronavirus. US officials made several trips to the Wuhan laboratory.Despite the warnings the US National Institute of Health (NIH) awarded a $3.7 million grant to the Wuhan lab studying the bat virus.  This was after State Department warned about the risky tests going on in the lab.This is unbelievable!The deadly China coronavirus that started in China sometime in late 2019 has now circled the globe.  Evidence suggests that the coronavirus didn’t come naturally.  We still don’t know whether the deadly virus was leaked intentionally or if it was an accident. But we do know that the Chinese did attempt to market a cure for the coronavirus to the world in January after the virus began to spread.According to the report from Wuhan the coronavirus came from either the Wuhan Center for Disease Control and Prevention or Wuhan Institute of Virology in Wuhan, China. These reports linking bats to the coronavirus started making the rounds back in January. A research paper published in the Wuhan Centre for Disease Control and Prevention determined the source of the coronavirus is a laboratory near the Seafood Market in Wuhan.On Sunday Rudy Giuliani dropped a bomb on Dr. Fauci. Rudy scolded the NIAID Director of granting $3.7 million to the Wuhan lab that leaked the coronavirus. And then Rudy accused the NIH of knowing more than they are leading on.Rudy Giuliani questioned Dr. Anthony Fauci’s involvement in grants from the United States to a laboratory in Wuhan, China, that has been tied to the coronavirus pandemic.According to a report, the U.S. Intelligence Community has growing confidence that the current coronavirus strain may have accidentally escaped from the Wuhan Institute of Virology rather than from a wildlife market, as the Chinese Communist Party first claimed. During a Sunday interview on The Cats Roundtable, Giuliani questioned why the U.S. gave money to the lab.“Back in 2014, the Obama administration prohibited the U.S. from giving money to any laboratory, including in the U.S., that was fooling around with these viruses. Prohibited! Despite that, Dr. Fauci gave $3.7 million to the Wuhan laboratory — even after the State Department issued reports about how unsafe that laboratory was, and how suspicious they were in the way they were developing a virus that could be transmitted to humans,” he claimed.He added, “We never pulled that money. Something here is going on, John. I don’t want to make any accusations. But there was more knowledge about what was going on in China with our scientific people than they disclosed to us when this first came out. Just think of it: If this laboratory turns out to be the place where the virus came from, then we paid for it. We paid for the damn virus that’s killing us.”|0
“I don’t think you need to,” CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta said.Coronavirus can stay alive for up to three days on stainless steel and plastic. But clothing “is probably more like cardboard — it’s more absorbent, so the virus is unlikely to stay and last that long,” Gupta said.While covonravirus can stay alive on cardboard for up to 24 hours, viruses generally don’t stick well on surfaces that are in motion.“If you look at how viruses move through air, they kind of want to move around objects,” Gupta said. “They don’t want to necessarily land on objects. So if you’re moving as human body through the air … (it’s) unlikely to stick to your clothes.”|1
I work in the healthcare field. Here’s the problem, we are testing people for any strain of a Coronavirus. Not specifically for COVID-19. There are no reliable tests for a specific COVID-19 virus. There are no reliable agencies or media outlets for reporting numbers of actual COVID-19 virus cases. This needs to be addressed first and foremost. Every action and reaction to COVID-19 is based on totally flawed data and we simply can not make accurate assessments.This is why you’re hearing that most people with COVID-19 are showing nothing more than cold/flu like symptoms. That’s because most Coronavirus strains are nothing more than cold/flu like symptoms. The few actual novel Coronavirus cases do have some worse respiratory responses, but still have a very promising recovery rate, especially for those without prior issues.The ‘gold standard’ in testing for COVID-19 is laboratory isolated/purified coronavirus particles free from any contaminants and particles that look like viruses but are not, that have been proven to be the cause of the syndrome known as COVID-19 and obtained by using proper viral isolation methods and controls (not the PCR that is currently being used or Serology /antibody tests which do not detect virus as such). PCR basically takes a sample of your cells and amplifies any DNA to look for ‘viral sequences’, i.e. bits of non-human DNA that seem to match parts of a known viral genome.The problem is the test is known not to work.It uses ‘amplification’ which means taking a very very tiny amount of DNA and growing it exponentially until it can be analyzed. Obviously any minute contaminations in the sample will also be amplified leading to potentially gross errors of discovery.Additionally, it’s only looking for partial viral sequences, not whole genomes, so identifying a single pathogen is next to impossible even if you ignore the other issues.The Mickey Mouse test kits being sent out to hospitals, at best, tell analysts you have some viral DNA in your cells. Which most of us do, most of the time. It may tell you the viral sequence is related to a specific type of virus – say the huge family of coronavirus. But that’s all. The idea these kits can isolate a specific virus like COVID-19 is nonsense.And that’s not even getting into the other issue – viral load.If you remember the PCR works by amplifying minute amounts of DNA. It therefore is useless at telling you how much virus you may have. And that’s the only question that really matters when it comes to diagnosing illness. Everyone will have a few virus kicking round in their system at any time, and most will not cause illness because their quantities are too small. For a virus to sicken you you need a lot of it, a massive amount of it. But PCR does not test viral load and therefore can’t determine if it is present in sufficient quantities to sicken you.If you feel sick and get a PCR test any random virus DNA might be identified even if they aren’t at all involved in your sickness which leads to false diagnosis.And coronavirus are incredibly common. A large percentage of the world human population will have covi DNA in them in small quantities even if they are perfectly well or sick with some other pathogen.Do you see where this is going yet? If you want to create a totally false panic about a totally false pandemic – pick a coronavirus.They are incredibly common and there’s tons of them. A very high percentage of people who have become sick by other means (flu, bacterial pneumonia, anything) will have a positive. PCR test for covi even if you’re doing them properly and ruling out contamination, simply because covis are so common.There are hundreds of thousands of flu and pneumonia victims in hospitals throughout the world at any one time.All you need to do is select the sickest of these in a single location – say Wuhan – administer PCR tests to them and claim anyone showing viral sequences similar to a coronavirus (which will inevitably be quite a few) is suffering from a ‘new’ disease.Since you already selected the sickest flu cases a fairly high proportion of your sample will go on to die.You can then say this ‘new’ virus has a CFR higher than the flu and use this to infuse more concern and do more tests which will of course produce more ‘cases’, which expands the testing, which produces yet more ‘cases’ and so on and so on.Before long you have your ‘pandemic’, and all you have done is use a simple test kit trick to convert the worst flu and pneumonia cases into something new that doesn’t actually exist.Now just run the same scam in other countries. Making sure to keep the fear message running high so that people will feel panicky and less able to think critically.Your only problem is going to be that – due to the fact there is no actual new deadly pathogen but just regular sick people, you are mislabeling your case numbers, and especially your deaths, are going to be way too low for a real new deadly virus pandemic.But you can stop people pointing this out in several ways.You can claim this is just the beginning and more deaths are imminent. Use this as an excuse to quarantine everyone and then claim the quarantine prevented the expected millions of dead.You can tell people that ‘minimizing’ the dangers is irresponsible and bully them into not talking about numbers.You can talk crap about made up numbers hoping to blind people with pseudoscience.You can start testing well people (who, of course, will also likely have shreds of coronavirus DNA in them) and thus inflate your ‘case figures’ with ‘asymptomatic carriers’ (you will of course have to spin that to sound deadly even though any virologist knows the more symptom-less cases you have the less deadly is your pathogen.Take these 4 simple steps and you can have your own entirely manufactured pandemic up and running in weeks.|0
But this influenza that is now circling the globe, you’re saying that Silver Solution would be effective? Well let’s say it hasn’t been tested on this strain of the coronavirus, but it’s been tested on other strains of the coronavirus, and has been able to eliminate it within 12 hours, totally eliminate it, kills it, deactivates it. Silver Solution has been proven … to kill every pathogen it has everbeen tested on … and it can kill any of these known viruses. So the virus, like the coronavirus that we’re talking about … affects the lung tissue so what you can do … put it straight … in a nebulizer which then creates a steam and you breathe it in and it will go directly into your lungs where that virus is and any other infection|0
Numerous conspiracy theories shared on and off social media claim that 5G mobile networks are the cause of the novel coronavirus pandemic. This is false; experts told AFP that 5G is based on radio frequency and that this does not create viruses. In one of the most widespread claims, popular American singer Keri Hilson asserted that coronavirus is caused by fifth-generation wireless technology, known as 5G. In a series of now-deleted tweets on March 16, 2020 (archived here), Hilson claimed  COVID-19 was not as widespread in Africa because of the absence of 5G. “People have been trying to warn us about 5G for YEARS. Petitions, organizations, studies…what we’re going through is the effects of radiation. 5G launched in CHINA. Nov 1, 2019. People dropped dead,” she wrote. “Turn off 5G by disabling LTE!!! Why do you think the virus is not happening in Africa like that? Not a 5G region. There may be a few bases there, but not as prevalent as other countries. It has nothing to do with melanin.” Hilson shared a viral YouTube video in which controversial American doctor Thomas Cowan, who remains on probation imposed by the Medical Board of California, argued that the novel coronavirus was created by 5G networks. In his video, Cowan claimed that Wuhan, the city where the novel coronavirus outbreak began, was the first city wholly covered by 5G in the world. Cowan and others who believe his theory claim that China launched 5G in October 2019 — two months before the outbreak started. Some of these claims about 5G causing novel coronavirus have been made in Facebook posts shared hundreds of times, like here and here. 5G coverage Experts differ on which country leads in the commercial use of 5G, but agree that the top nations are China, South Korea (the first to launch in 2019), the United Kingdom and the United States. In late October 2019, China rolled out the commercial use of 5G in 50 cities. Not only did the novel coronavirus not get its start in pioneering South Korea, but the virus has gained a foothold in many countries (for example, Malaysia, Iran, France, Singapore and Nigeria) without 5G networks. 5G does not cause viruses While there have been health concerns regarding the use of 5G networks — and mobile networks in general — owing to radiation, this has nothing to do with the outbreak of viruses, experts told AFP. Speaking to Keri Hilson’s claims, Yusuf Sambo, a researcher at the University of Glasgow who is testing 5G in Scotland, said: “I think she’s an amazing singer, but I am not sure she knows what she’s talking about. Yes, there are fears about the health implications of 5G but they have to do with cancer and not viral infections.” “One of her tweets actually advised people to ‘turn off 5G by disabling LTE’. She is literally saying ‘turn off 5G by disabling 4G’,” said Sambo. Fabien Heliot, a researcher who specialises in electromagnetic exposure in wireless communication at the University of Surrey, explained: “5G, like previous generations of cellular communication systems, is a RF-based (radiofrequency) technology that uses electromagnetic (EM) waveform to transmit information; EM-waveforms are themselves non-ionizing radiations.”  Heliot said the waveforms in 5G are designed and transmitted similarly to 4G. “The main and only difference so far is ... that 5G can transmit more data by using larger frequency bandwidth at higher carrier frequency, and directivity of antennas at the base station.” Being a living thing, a virus cannot be created by radiation, added Heliot. “Actually it is the other way round — there are guidelines put in place to ensure that radiation does not harm living things.” 5G and health. Heliot said that “the possible side-effects of 5G are the same as 4G, 3G, 2G, Wi-Fi; all these wireless communication technologies use EM waveform that radiates energy”. He said 5G radiations are not as severe as “CT scan or x-ray technologies” which are used in medical care. The World Health Organization's website states that “a large number of studies have been performed over the last two decades to assess whether mobile phones pose a potential health risk. To date, no adverse health effects have been established as being caused by mobile phone use”. Regarding 5G, the WHO states: “Health-related conclusions are drawn from studies performed across the entire radio spectrum but, so far, only a few studies have been carried out at the frequencies to be used by 5G. “Tissue heating is the main mechanism of interaction between radiofrequency fields and the human body. Radiofrequency exposure levels from current technologies result in negligible temperature rise in the human body. “As the frequency increases, there is less penetration into the body tissues and absorption of the energy becomes more confined to the surface of the body (skin and eye). Provided that the overall exposure remains below international guidelines, no consequences for public health are anticipated.”Some countries are remaining cautious: In late January, France's Agency for Health and Safety highlighted a need for more data before 5G could be rolled out in the country. |1
Currently, there is no vaccine available to protect against COVID-19, although a global effort to find an effective vaccine is currently underway.|1
While many Americans are sheltering at home to help “flatten the curve” and slow the spread of coronavirus disease (also called COVID-19), they might be tempted to buy or use questionable products that claim to help diagnose, treat, cure, and even prevent COVID-19.Because COVID-19 has never been seen in humans before, there are currently no vaccines to prevent or drugs to treat COVID-19 approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA). The FDA is working with vaccine and drug manufacturers to develop new vaccines for and find drugs to treat COVID-19 as quickly as possible. Meanwhile, some people and companies are trying to profit from this pandemic by selling unproven and illegally marketed products that make false claims, such as being effective against the coronavirus.These fraudulent products that claim to cure, treat, or prevent COVID-19 haven’t been evaluated by the FDA for safety and effectiveness and might be dangerous to you and your family.The FDA is particularly concerned that these deceptive and misleading products might cause Americans to delay or stop appropriate medical treatment, leading to serious and life-threatening harm. It’s likely that the products do not do what they claim, and the ingredients in them could cause adverse effects and could interact with, and potentially interfere with, essential medications.The FDA has also seen unauthorized fraudulent test kits for COVID-19 being sold online. Currently, the only way to be tested for COVID-19 is to talk to your health care provider. The FDA has not authorized any test that is available to purchase for testing yourself at home for COVID-19. You will risk unknowingly spreading COVID-19 or not getting treated appropriately if you use an unauthorized test. The FDA knows that having a home test for COVID-19 would be very helpful and is actively working with test developers on this. But currently the FDA has not authorized any home test for COVID-19.There Are No Vaccines or Medicines for COVID-19, Yet. The FDA is working with medical product developers to rapidly advance the development and availability of vaccines and treatments for COVID-19. Although there are investigational COVID-19 vaccines and treatments being studied in clinical trials, these products are in the early stages of development. They haven’t yet been fully tested for safety or effectiveness, or received FDA approval.Fraudulent COVID-19 products can come in many varieties, including dietary supplements and other foods, as well as products claiming to be tests, drugs, medical devices, or vaccines. The FDA has been working with retailers to remove dozens of misleading products from store shelves and online. The agency will continue to monitor social media and online marketplaces promoting and selling fraudulent COVID-19 products.Recently, the FDA and the Federal Trade Commission issued warning letters to seven companies for selling fraudulent COVID-19 products. The products cited include teas, essential oils, tinctures, and colloidal silver (see product photosExternal Link Disclaimer on Flickr). The FDA is actively monitoring for any firms marketing products with fraudulent COVID-19 diagnostic, prevention and treatment claims. The FDA is exercising its authority to protect consumers from firms selling unauthorized products with false or misleading claims. The FDA may send warning letters, or pursue seizures or injunctions against people, products, or companies that violate the law. We are also increasing our enforcement at ports of entry to ensure that fraudulent products do not enter the country through our borders.In addition, the FDA is monitoring complaints of fake coronavirus treatments and tests. Consumers and health care professionals can help by reporting suspected fraud to the FDA’s Health Fraud Program or the Office of Criminal Investigations. How to Protect Yourself and Your Family From Coronavirus Fraud. The FDA advises consumers to be cautious of websites and stores selling products that claim to prevent, treat or cure COVID-19. There are no FDA-approved products to prevent COVID-19. Products marketed for veterinary use, or “for research use only,” or otherwise not for human consumption, have not been evaluated for safety and should never be used by humans. For example, the FDA is aware of people trying to prevent COVID-19 by taking a product called chloroquine phosphate, which is sold to treat parasites in aquarium fish. Products for veterinary use or for “research use only” may have adverse effects, including serious illness and death, when taken by people. Don’t take any form of chloroquine unless it has been prescribed for you by your health care provider and obtained from legitimate sources. Here are some tips to identify false or misleading claims. Be suspicious of products that claim to treat a wide range of diseases. Personal testimonials are no substitute for scientific evidence.Few diseases or conditions can be treated quickly, so be suspicious of any therapy claimed as a “quick fix.” If it seems too good to be true, it probably is.“Miracle cures,” which claim scientific breakthroughs or contain secret ingredients, are likely a hoax. Know that you can’t test yourself for coronavirus disease.If you have symptoms of COVID-19, follow the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’s guidelines, and speak to your medical provider. Your health care provider will advise you about whether you should get tested and the process for being tested in your area. If you have a question about a treatment or test found online, talk to your health care provider or doctor. If you have a question about a medication, call your pharmacist or the FDA. The FDA’s Division of Drug Information (DDI) will answer almost any drug question. DDI pharmacists are available by email, druginfo@fda.hhs.gov, and by phone, 1-855-543-DRUG (3784) and 301-796-3400. The sale of fraudulent COVID-19 products is a threat to the public health. If you are concerned about the spread of COVID-19, talk to your health care provider and follow the advice of FDA’s federal partners about how to prevent the spread of this illness.|1
U.S. military documents show that, in 1992, the CDC’s current Director Robert Redfield and his then-assistant, Deborah Birx—both Army medical officers—knowingly falsified scientific data published in the New England Journal of Medicine fraudulently claiming that an HIV vaccine they helped develop was effective. They knew the vaccine was worthless.Redfield now runs the agency charged with mandating COVID vaccines. Birx, a life-long protégé to both Redfield and Anthony Fauci, served on the board of Bill Gates’ Global Fund. Redfield, Birx and Fauci lead the White House coronavirus task force.A subsequent Air Force tribunal on Scientific Fraud and Misconduct agreed that Redfield’s misleading or, possibly, deceptive information seriously threatens his credibility as a researcher. In 1992, two military investigators charged Redfield and Birx with engaging in “a systematic pattern of data manipulation, inappropriate statistical analyses and misleading data presentation in an apparent attempt to promote the usefulness of the GP160 AIDS vaccine.” A subsequent Air Force tribunal on Scientific Fraud and Misconduct agreed that Redfield’s “misleading or, possibly, deceptive” information “seriously threatens his credibility as a researcher and has the potential to negatively impact AIDS research funding for military institutions as a whole. His allegedly unethical behavior creates false hope and could result in premature deployment of the vaccine.” The tribunal recommended investigation by a “fully independent outside investigative body.” Dr. Redfield confessed to D.O.D. interrogators and to the tribunal, that his analyses were faulty and deceptive. He agreed to publicly correct them. Afterward, he continued making his false claims at three subsequent international HIV conferences, and perjured himself in testimony before Congress, swearing that his vaccine cured HIV.Their gambit worked. Based upon his testimony, Congress appropriated $20 million to the military to support Redfield and Birx’s research project. Public Citizen complained in a 1994 letter to the Congressional Committee’s Henry Waxman that the money caused the Army to kill the investigation and “whitewash” Redfield’s crimes. The fraud propelled Birx and Redfield into stellar careers as health officials.|0
When people recover from COVID-19, their blood contains antibodies that their bodies produced to fight the coronavirus and help them get well. Antibodies are found in plasma, a component of blood.Convalescent plasma — literally plasma from recovered patients — has been used for more than 100 years to treat a variety of illnesses from measles to polio, chickenpox, and SARS. In the current situation, antibody-containing plasma from a recovered patient is given by transfusion to a patient who is suffering from COVID-19. The donor antibodies help the patient fight the illness, possibly shortening the length or reducing the severity of the disease.Though convalescent plasma has been used for many years, and with varying success, not much is known about how effective it is for treating COVID-19. There have been reports of success from China, but no randomized, controlled studies (the gold standard for research studies) have been done. Experts also don't yet know the best time during the course of the illness to give plasma.On March 24th, the FDA began allowing convalescent plasma to be used in patients with serious or immediately life-threatening COVID-19 infections. This treatment is still considered experimental.|1
Let’s be clear, although there have been many attempts to do so by scientists worldwide, so far, no one knows the origin of CoVid-19, the coronavirus strain responsible for the global pandemic.CoVid-19 has several unique features such as high-affinity human angiotensin-converting enzyme-2 (ACE2) receptor binding, a furin (polybasic) cleavage site and certain “open reading frame” derived proteins, all of which come together in a single organism to create an extremely contagious and often deadly virus.CoVid-19 is the seventh member of the family of coronaviruses that infect humans. Although the SARS-CoV coronavirus, responsible for the 2002-2003 pandemic, also binds to the human ACE2 receptor, none of the previously-identified human-infecting coronavirus strains is sufficiently similar to CoVid-19 to be designated its immediate relative or “progenitor.”Of the comparisons made between CoVid-19 and all of the other potential progenitors, including those identified in an article much-cited by the main stream media, none possess the furin (polybasic) cleavage site, which potentially makes it a marker in the search for the origin of CoVid-19, if other structural similarities are also present.Much like the climate change debate, there appears to be a politically-motivated campaign to demonstrate that CoVid-19 occurred naturally as a species “jump” from animals to humans originating in the Wuhan wet market. Despite an extraordinary effort, mainly by the Chinese government, and a flood of publications, there is still little evidence that directly supports that contention.An alternative interpretation is that CoVid-19 “leaked” out of a Wuhan laboratory, either as a yet undescribed or not fully sequenced natural coronavirus isolate e.g. bat coronavirus BtCoV/4991 (GenBank KP876546) or as one manufactured by combining the properties of multiple viruses and subjected to a sequential passage of the recombinant through live animal hosts.It is important to note that deadly viruses have previously "leaked" out of Chinese virology labs in two separate incidents.A 2004  outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS-CoV) in China involved two researchers who were working with the virus in a Beijing research lab, the World Health Organization (WHO) said on April 26, 2004 and confirmed by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control.Synthetic biology, that is, the engineering of biology to create biologically-based systems that do not exist in nature is now widely used in laboratories worldwide. It has a number of benefits including as a rapid response platform to provide treatments for emerging diseases.If unregulated, however, such bioengineering can produce combined or “chimeric” novel human pathogenic microorganisms capable of circumventing therapeutics or vaccines and, if released in nature, could have dramatic and permanent effects on disease transmission among species via natural-occurring mutations of the new viral entity.The technology to create a coronavirus chimera has been demonstrated.In a 2015 collaborative study between the Wuhan Institute of Virology and American scientists, funded by the National Institutes of Health, properties of two different viruses, the SHC014-CoV coronavirus and a mouse-adapted SARS-CoV, the coronavirus responsible for the 2002 pandemic, were combined as a chimera. It produced a new viral entity, SHC014-MA15, which, according to the authors, "Despite predictions from both structure-based modeling and pseudotyping experiments" unexpectedly "was viable and replicated to high titers" [a lot] in cell culture (Vero cells) and was capable of infecting human airway epithelial (HAE) cultures [human lung surface cells] and "showed robust replication" comparable to the "epidemic SARS-CoV Urbani strain."That is, with the appropriate starting coronavirus strains, it is theoretically possible to manufacture a CoVid-19-like chimera.Given the illness, death and economic destruction caused by CoVid-19, it is the responsibility of the Chinese government to fully open its research files and databases to international inspection, including information about the hundreds of coronavirus isolates, in order to ascertain the true origin of the Chinese CoVid-19 coronavirus.|0
If you have a flu-like disease, I'm just gonna treat you with vitamin C. I'm not gonna swab your nose to see if you have influenza A or B. I don't care, the treatment is actually the same,vitamin C regimen consists of an IV treatment of 15,000 milligrams a day, 166 times the recommended daily amount for men.also offers shots of 100,000 IU vitamin D3 to treat the coronavirus — a dose 160 times the recommended daily dose|0
As of March 3, the coronavirus mortality rate is 3.4% according to an estimate by the WHO. However, the media is doing a good job at scaring people. Most people are panic, instead of preparing for the virus. Unfortunately fear-driven media hype is not supported by facts or science.First, the media is telling us to fear “the Coronavirus,” as if it were some ominous new pathogen of which medical science has no understanding. However, what the media failed to tell the public is what World Health Organization (WHO)—now also fanning the flames of fear—explained on its own website: “Coronaviruses (CoV) are a large family of viruses that cause illness ranging from the common cold to more severe diseases such as Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS-CoV) and Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS-CoV). A novel coronavirus (nCoV) is a new strain that has not been previously identified in humans.”Let that sink in for a moment. In other words, even the common cold is caused by a corona virus. There is no such thing, then, as “the coronavirus.” This new strain of coronavirus, causing an illness ominously labelled COVID-19 as if it were some sort of world-ending plague from a science fiction movie, is just a variation on an old epidemiological theme. (COVID-19 is actually shorthand for a “coronavirus disease” first discovered in 2019). Here are some facts about coronovirus: Human coronaviruses, which are named for the crown-like spikes on their surface were first identified in the mid-1960s, according to information from CDC. The seven coronaviruses that can infect people are:Common human coronaviruses.229E (alpha coronavirus).NL63 (alpha coronavirus).OC43 (beta coronavirus).HKU1 (beta coronavirus). Other human coronaviruses. MERS-CoV (the beta coronavirus that causes Middle East Respiratory Syndrome, or MERS). SARS-CoV (the beta coronavirus that causes severe acute respiratory syndrome, or SARS).SARS-CoV-2 (the novel coronavirus that causes coronavirus disease 2019, or COVID-19).According to CDC, people around the world commonly get infected with human coronaviruses 229E, NL63, OC43, and HKU1. Sometimes coronaviruses that infect animals can evolve and make people sick and become a new human coronavirus. Three recent examples of this are 2019-nCoV, SARS-CoV, and MERS-CoV. It is time to listen to doctors and not the media.As WHO further observes: “Human coronaviruses are common throughout the world. The most recent coronavirus, COVID-19, was first identified in Wuhan, China and is associated with mild-to-severe respiratory illness with fever and cough.” But so is garden variety flu, which causes vastly more deaths every year in every nation than COVID-19 has shown itself to be capable of causing. Yet the lying media breathlessly report “rising death tolls from the [sic] coronavirus” as if COVID-19 were the beginning of an apocalypse. As of this writing, there have been only 26 deaths from “the coronavirus” in the United States, 19 of them occurring in the same senior living facility in Washington State, while the common flu has already claimed 17,000 lives throughout the country since the current U.S. flu season began last October.Moreover, as the CDC noted before it too began contributing to the current hysteria, “influenza has resulted in between 9 million-45 million illnesses, between 140,000-810,000 hospitalizations and between 12,000-61,000 deaths annually since 2010.” And for the 2019-2020 flu season the CDC had already predicted 34,000,000-49,000,000 flu illnesses, 16,000,000-23,000,000 flu medical visits, 350,000-620,000 flu hospitalizations and 20,000-52,000 flu deaths in the United States.So, it appears that the number of potential US deaths from COVID-19 will be a tiny drop in a large bucket of seasonal viral illness. That truth is buried deep in the middle paragraphs of the lying media’s fake news reports festooned with hysteria-inducing headlines. For example, there is a fear-mongering Bloomberg News report—no coincidence there—with the terrifying headline “There is a ‘Tipping Point’ Before Coronavirus Kills.” One has to wade five paragraphs into the piece to learn that “[a]bout 10-15% of mild-to-moderate patients progress to severe and of those, 15-20% progress to critical.”In other words, critical cases of COVID-19 amount to around 15% of 15%, or 2.25%. Assuming the death toll among that 2.25% is not 100%, the probable death toll from COVID-19 is far lower than that for critical cases of common influenza. As the CDC reported, during the 2018-2019 flu season “900,000 people were hospitalized, and more than 80,000 people died from flu…” That’s a mortality rate just shy of nine percent for critical cases of the flu requiring hospitalization, and the vast majority of those deaths are among the elderly.Also buried in the same article is the advice of Jeffery K. Taubenberger, Senior Investigator for the National Institutes of Health (NIH), that “The clinical picture suggests a pattern of disease that’s not dissimilar to what we might see in influenza.”Remember the swine flu pandemic of 2009-2010? It was caused by the H1N1 flu virus, which “infected nearly 61 million people in the United States and caused 12,469 deaths” and up to 575,400 deaths worldwide, according to the CDC.What about the rest of the world? According to the CDC and the prestigious British medical journal The Lancet, worldwide “[s]easonal flu kills 291,000 to 646,000 people… each year.” That is, the greatest viral threat to human life on the planet, by many orders of magnitude, is and always has been the common flu, not any strain of coronavirus. By comparison, the more virulent but far less contagious coronaviruses causing MERS and SARS have claimed lives only in the hundreds worldwide with very few or zero reported cases after the initial outbreaks in 2012 and 2003, respectively.Here too the lying media bury the truth. One has to scour the Internet to find in the obscure journal Stat the telling comment by WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus that “We don’t even talk about containment for seasonal flu — it’s just not possible. But it is possible for Covid-19. We don’t do contact-tracing for seasonal flu — but countries should do it for Covid-19, because it will prevent infections and save lives. Containment is possible.”But why should the lives of individuals and nations be turned upside down to contain a virus far less lethal, or at least no more lethal, than a typical flu, which cannot be contained? There is no sensible answer other than the promotion of a panic narrative that clearly serves aims other than those of public health and safety.While the lying media consistently fail to mention the large death tolls from influenza nationally and worldwide every year—mounting right now—they are striving to provoke worldwide mass quarantines, travel restrictions, employee furloughs and event cancellations based on 26 deaths thus far from COVID-19 in the United States and 3,398 deaths worldwide, the majority of which are in mainland China, followed by South Korea, Iran and Italy. Compare this with the average of 646,000 deaths worldwide per year from influenza. In the end, what is really terrifying is not COVID-19, but rather the prospect that the demagogues might well succeed in exploiting it to achieve their end. The media is not about to let a good coronavirus go to waste.Part of this story was originally Published in Fetzen Fliegen. We have removed all references to politics.|0
The coronavirus epidemic represents the end of globalization. The open society is ripe for infection. Anyone who wants to tear down borders prepares the territory for the total annihilation of humanity. You can smile, of course, but people in white HazMat suits will put a stop to the inappropriate laughter. Only closedness can save us. Closedness in all senses – closed borders, closed economies, closed supply of goods and products, what Fichte called a “closed trade state.” Soros should be lynched, and a monument should be built for Fichte.|0
The stay-at-home and physical distancing measures that have been imposed throughout the EU/EEA and the UK are highly disruptive to society, both economically and socially, and there is very wide agreement that they should be lifted as soon as it is safe to do so. However, lifting the measures too early or too quickly carries the risk of a rapid return to high infection rates, and this could overwhelm the health system while causing high levels of illness and many deaths. The Joint European Roadmap towards lifting COVID-19 containment measures addresses this issue by providing the framework for an economic and social recovery plan for the EU alongside a set of public health principles that are aimed at minimising the risk of a resurgence in the number of cases. Should a resurgence occur, the stay-at-home and physical distancing measures may need to be put in place again.It is increasingly recognised that we will be living with COVID-19 for many months, or even years. This disease will continue to affect our lives for some time to come, and we all need to prepare mentally for that. |1
Quick Take.Several online stories inaccurately claim that the new coronavirus contains HIV “insertions” and shows signs of being created in a lab. But there is no evidence that the new virus was bioengineered, and every indication it came from an animal.Full Story.The latest conspiracy theories about the new coronavirus, which first led to an outbreak in Wuhan, China in late 2019, allege that the virus was man-made, rather than the natural result of people coming into contact with wild animals.We’ve seen similar claims before, but this time many claims are being fueled by an unpublished — and highly dubious — scientific paper. By delving into the genetic or protein sequences of the virus, many of these stories have an aura of scientific credibility. But scientists who study viruses say they are incorrect.One set of stories, subsequently shared on Facebook, inaccurately asserts a link between the new coronavirus, also known as 2019 novel coronavirus, or 2019-nCoV, and HIV, largely based on an unpublished manuscript by scientists in India.The paper, which was posted on the preprint website bioRxiv (pronounced “bio-archive”) on Jan. 31, claimed to have identified very short “insertions” in the virus’ protein sequence that had an “uncanny similarity” to HIV. Numerous scientists, however, almost immediately pointed out flaws in the analysis, noting that the sequences are so short, they match a bevy of other organisms — and there’s no reason to conclude they derive from HIV. The paper was voluntarily withdrawn by its authors just two days later, with one saying, “It was not our intention to feed into the conspiracy theories and no such claims are made here.”But the speedy withdrawal wasn’t fast enough to prevent some websites from picking up the story and concluding that the new coronavirus had been crafted in a laboratory.A ZeroHedge article with the headline, “Coronavirus Contains ‘HIV Insertions,’ Stoking Fears Over Artificially Created Bioweapon,” pounced on some of the language in the preprint to argue that the scientists were saying the virus might be “man-made.” The story also cited tweets from a visiting scientist at Harvard who had commented on the preprint and stated that the scientist’s tweets suggested that the virus “might have been genetically engineered for the purposes of a weapon.”ZeroHedge is a website that we’ve written about before, including for spreading the false idea that the new coronavirus was stolen from a lab in Canada and then weaponized by the Chinese government.Originally published the same day of the preprint, the ZeroHedge article was updated the following day to include tweets from the Harvard visiting scientist, who by then had seen some of the criticisms of the preprint and was now advocating for additional studies to be done before jumping to any conclusions. The Harvard scientist, it should be said, is an epidemiologist, health economist and nutritionist, and does not have expertise in virology or bioinformatics. The bulk of the article, however, remains unchanged.Well after the preprint was withdrawn, a website that traffics in vaccine misinformation, Health Impact News, also highlighted the invalid HIV connection.Separately, a blogger posted a different bogus analysis — also making the rounds on Facebook — that posits a portion of the new coronavirus genome is similar to part of a viral vector that was used in previous research on the severe acute respiratory syndrome, or SARS, virus. Based on this, the author argues that the new virus could have leaked from a Chinese lab working on a vaccine. The SARS virus caused a global outbreak in 2003 and is similar but distinct from 2019-nCoV.Alex Jones, the conspiracy theorist behind InfoWars and the false idea that the Sandy Hook school shooting in 2012 was a hoax, also waded into the coronavirus misinformation pool. Multiple episodes of his talk show address both of these groundless theories and claim there is evidence that “proves” the new coronavirus was “man-made.”Scientists with expertise in viral genomics, however, say that no such evidence exists. Kristian Andersen, the director of infectious disease genomics at the Scripps Research Translational Institute, told us in an email that in both cases, the analyses are “completely wrong.”The HIV study, he said, was a “misunderstanding of how to perform these types of analyses” that also cherry-picked its findings. The short proteins the Indian scientists found to be similar to HIV are not from HIV at all, Andersen said, but are the result of the natural evolution of coronaviruses. “Had the authors compared nCoV to related bat viruses (and not just SARS as they did),” he wrote, “they would have realized that the peptides are also present in the bat viruses — and most certainly don’t come from HIV.”Indeed, other experts have noted the same shortcomings, including Trevor Bedford, a computational biologist at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center in Seattle, who performed the proper sequence alignments and shared the results in a Twitter thread. He found that all of the so-called “insertions” appear in a bat virus identified from a cave in Yunnan, China — or were artifacts of improper alignment. Only one “insertion” is not fully shared with the bat virus, Bedford explained, and “in no way suggests engineering” since it is consistent with the types of insertions and deletions that happen in coronaviruses. “There is absolutely no evidence for either (1) sequence insertions or (2) their relationship to HIV,” he concluded.The blogger’s contention that the new coronavirus may have been engineered using a SARS viral vector, Andersen said, is “just as absurd” as the HIV theory. The vector, he said, was used to understand coronaviruses and develop vaccines — but is different from 2019nCoV.“While they’re similar (like worms and people are similar) there is absolutely no way that nCoV is in any way related,” he said. “If one were to look at the two genomes side by side, it’s very easy to show that they’re obviously not the same — or that one somehow led to the other.”HIV Drugs. As we’ve just established, there’s no connection between HIV and the new coronavirus, but the fact that some countries are using HIV drugs to treat the new coronavirus is included in many of the social media posts to lend credence to the bogus theory.One Facebook post says, “Ask yourself why they have been treating with HIV drugs from the start,” and the ZeroHedge story proclaims, “The virus even responds to treatment by HIV medications.”In fact, it’s not yet clear if the virus does respond to HIV drugs — but the rationale to try it is pretty simple. Timothy Sheahan, a virologist at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, told us in a phone interview that there aren’t that many FDA-approved antiviral drugs, so when a new virus emerges, doctors just give patients “whatever they think might help.” Many existing antivirals, he said, are HIV medications, so it’s natural to turn to those. And there is some precedent for HIV drugs possibly working against coronaviruses. During the SARS outbreak, for example, scientists performed a drug screen and identified the HIV drug cocktail of lopinavir and ritonavir as having potential antiviral activity against SARS. That drug combo was also associated with better outcomes among a small group of SARS patients, although it was never tested in a clinical trial, so it’s hard to say if it was truly effective. It is also currently being tested in a clinical trial in Saudi Arabia against another disease caused by a coronavirus, Middle East respiratory syndrome, or MERS.Sheahan, however, is skeptical that HIV drugs will be very effective against the new virus. The levels of the drug that are likely required to diminish viral replication, he said, “are not achievable” in people. And in his experiments against the MERS virus in cell culture and in mice, he found lopinavir and ritonavir offered little improvement in severe lung disease or viral replication.No Signs of Bioengineering.As for the general notion that the virus has been bioengineered, there’s no evidence that’s true. On the contrary, as we’ve explained before, all lines of evidence point to the virus coming from an animal. That’s consistent with what scientists have learned about the ecology of coronaviruses in the last 20 years, Sheahan said, including SARS and MERS — and it fits with the fact that the virus shares 96% of its genome with a bat virus. “The genetic data is pointing to this virus coming from a bat reservoir,” he said, “not a lab.”And not only are there no HIV “insertions” in the virus, but by looking at the virus’ genome, scientists also see zero signs of human tampering.Bedford, the Fred Hutchinson computational biologist, pointed out on Twitter that the virus’ genetic differences to its most recent common ancestor are “consistent with differences expected to arise during natural evolution.”An engineered virus, he explained, would likely have a “distorted” amino acid to nucleotide ratio, and also have changes focused in on a “subset of genes.” In other words, when engineering occurs, it’s usually to bring about a meaningful change to the virus — but there’s no evidence of that in the 2019-nCoV genome. Typically, scientists change nucleotides in a targeted way to create changes in the amino acids they code for. Since amino acids are the building blocks of proteins, that’s the way to change the proteins the virus produces. But as Bedford said, out of all the nucleotide changes, relatively few — around 14% — alter the corresponding amino acid, or about what you would expect in a naturally evolving virus. This ratio also matches that of the bat virus that’s found to be the most similar to 2019-nCoV.Further, when comparing the amino acid changes that do exist, the number of changes in the respective genes in both 2019-nCoV and the bat virus are highly similar. Again, if the virus had been engineered, one might expect many of the changes to cluster in one or two genes, but that’s not the case here. All of this argues against the idea of the new virus having come out of a lab.|0
Today I joined Alex Jones in the InfoWars studios to record a bombshell special report. It’s entitled, “EMERGENCY REPORT: Coronavirus Is An Engineered Weapon For The Global Take-down Of The Western World.”You can watch it via this link at Banned.video or see the video embed below (also available soon via Brighteon.com).The completely unscripted video is about one hour in duration and delves into the globalist origins of the engineered coronavirus and how open borders policies and malicious negligence by the CDC are converging to create millions of infections and deaths in America as part of a globalist plot to destroy Trump and defeat America.Alex opens the special report with a 19-minute introduction that gives the big picture view of what’s happening. He then invites me on to explore issues like:Coronavirus pandemic projections for America.The SXSW cancellation and why it’s part of a psyop to spread fear on top of the legitimate concerns over the virus spread.Why President Trump is making an enormous mistake in trusting CDC, NIH and FDA advisors.How President Trump could stop this virus in its tracks and save America.The “China invasion” scenario and why China’s military will be the first in the world that’s immune to the coronavirus.How Hillary Clinton becomes president after Trump resigns under pressure following millions of deaths in America (one possible scenario we pray doesn’t happen).How Trump can protect America’s economy and prevent mass deaths by promoting anti-viral herbs, minerals and nutraceuticals that are available now and can substantially boost immune function across the population at large.Why Big Pharma is currently in control of Washington D.C. and is exploiting this pandemic to rake in billions for the drug and vaccine industries.Why globalist open borders policies were put in place before this biological weapon was released onto the world, making sure infected migrants carry the virus into Western Europe and the USA.How this pandemic achieves all the goals of the globalists: Depopulation, gun control, censorship, martial law, mandatory vaccines, destroying America,ending Trump and much more. (It’s the ultimate combo weapon system to attack the Western world and enslave humanity.)|0
On 29 January WHO Director-General, Dr. Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, said that there was no reason to declare the outbreak of the coronavirus 2019-nCoV in China a pandemic risk. On 30 January, he declared the virus an international emergency, but made clear that there was no reason for countries to issue travel-advisories against travelling to China. Let me speculate – the ‘international emergency’ was declared at the request of Washington, and the comment against the travel-advisory was an addition by Dr. Tedros himself, as he realized that there was indeed no reason for panic, that China is doing wonders in stemming the virus from spreading and in detecting the virus early on.In fact, Dr. Tedros has himself, as well as other high-ranking WHO officials, on various occasions praised China for her effort to contain the virus, the speed with which Wuhan (population of 11 million, capital of the center-eastern Province of Hubei) and China as a whole has reacted to the outbreak. The latest achievement – in 8 days China has built in Wuhan a 25,000 m2 special hospital for treatment of the coronavirus 2019-nCoV and possible mutations, with 1,000 beds, and for about 1,400 medical personnel, for a budget of the equivalent of US$ 43 million – equipped with state-of-the-art medical technology. No other country in the world would have been capable of such an achievement.Nevertheless, and against WHO’s guidance, Washington immediately advised its citizens not to travel to China, and withdrew non-essential staff from US consulates and the Embassy in Beijing, thereby triggering an avalanche of similar reactions among Washington vassals around the globe – i.e. most of the European countries did likewise, many of them canceled their flights to China, as did of course the US.Russia also closed her 4,200 km long border, working hand-in-hand with China in containing the virus. This also means that no infected Russian citizen may leave China. This is a concerted Chinese-Russian effort – spearheaded by China – to control and contain the epidemic.The NYT and WashPo are on a vicious daily campaign to slander and vilify China with lies and manipulated information on how badly China is managing the disease, when the complete opposite is the case. Compare this to the common flu epidemic, that hits the US and most of the western countries, despite the fact that the US and Europe have virtually implemented carpet vaccination (in some US States and EU countries even compulsory).Yet, this 2019 / 2020 flu season which is far from over, has so far claimed more than 8,400 lives alone in the US, more than 140,000 hospitalizations and more than 8 million infected people. The US has about 330 million people. Compare this to China’s 1.4 billion population – with, as of 3 February, an infection rate of less than 21,000, a death toll of 425 in China, and outside of China reported two, one in Hong Kong, another one in the Philippines.Expand these statistics to Europe and you find similar figures. Of course, nobody talks about it. This is an annual occurrence – a bonanza for the western pharma industry. In the west, disease is business. The more the merrier. Once you are in the “medical mill”, it’s difficult to escape. “Specialists’ find always another reason to send you yet to another “specialist” – for another treatment. The ignorant patient has no option than to obey – after all its his health and life. In China it is the total opposite. The Chinese system does everything for its population’s health and well-being.The Coronavirus Epidemic: Chinese Resilience and Silent, Simple and Steady Resistance – A Model for Mankind.Yet, China bashing in one way or another seems to intensify by the day. Yesterday, 3 February, the UN in Geneva has issued an edict that all UN employees returning from China must stay home and work from home for 14 days, i.e. a dictated self-quarantine. And new contracts for Chinese staff will be temporarily suspended. This is all propaganda against China.Quarantine is absolutely not necessary. Chinese biologists of the Office of Science and Technology of the city of Wuxi (south-eastern Jiangsu province, near Shanghai) have developed a test kit that can detect the 2019-nCoV virus within 8 – 15 minutes, similar to a pregnancy test. This test kit is available to the world. In fact, it has been used to test an airline crew member arriving from New York at the Zurich airport and feeling ill. Within less than an hour, the crew member was sent home – it was the common flu.In China, where by now scientific evidence is mounting that the disease – like all the coronaviral diseases, including the 2019-nCoV predecessor SARS (Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome, 2002 / 2003 also in China), and its Middle East equivalent, MERS (Middle East Respiratory Syndrome) are not only laboratory fabricated, but also patented. And so are many others, for example, Ebola and HIV. Both, SARS and 2019-nCoV are not only man-made, but they are also focusing on the Chinese race. That’s why you find very few people infected in the 18 countries where the coronavirus has spread.It sounds like a strange coincidence that in October 2019 a simulation with precisely the coronavirus was carried out at the John Hopkins Institute in the US, funded by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, the WEF (World Economic Forum), as well as the Pirbright Institute of the UK, one of the world’s few level 4 (highest security level) bio-warfare laboratories (for more details see “China’s Coronavirus: A Global Health Emergency is Launched. What are the Facts”).The west’s ‘demolition’ priority seems to have shifted drastically from Russia to China. Why? – Because China is an ever-stronger economic power, soon to surpass the United States in absolute terms. Since mid-2017, China is already number one, measured by the PPP (Purchasing Power Parity) indicator, indeed the most important one, because it demonstrates what people can actually buy with the money.China’s currency, the Yuan, is also advancing rapidly as a reserve currency, gradually replacing the US-dollar. When that happens, that real money, like the Chinese Yuan, based on a hard economy and covered by gold, against a “fake” fiat currency (based on nothing), like the US-dollar, is taking the lead, then the US-dollar hegemony is broken and the US economy doomed.To prevent that from happening Washington is doing everything possible to destabilize China – see Hong Kong, Taiwan, the Uyghurs in China’s western Xinjiang Province, Tibet, the infamous Trump-inspired “tariff war” – and now the new coronavirus outbreak. The death toll is at present about 2.1% (of total cases of infection), down from 2.3% a week ago.But that and the constant bashing with negative western propaganda, travel bans, border closures, flight bans – and more – plus the disease itself, the medical care, work absenteeism, medication and medical equipment, not to forget the specially-built 1,000-bed emergency hospital in Wuhan – and an 8% average decline at the Shanghai stock exchange, bear a considerable economic cost for China. So much so, that the People’s Bank of China (PBC) has recently injected some 1.2 billion yuan (about US$ 174 million equivalent) into the economy.This new coronavirus, 2019-nCoV, may just be a trial. Imagine a stronger mutation of a coronavirus would be implanted into the Chinese population, say with a mortality rate of 10% to 20% or higher – it could cause real havoc. However, a stronger version may not be so easily controllable and directable – i.e. towards the Chinese race – and may risk spreading to the Caucasian race as well – meaning the executioner would risk committing mass suicide.Remember the Spanish flu pandemic of 1918, the deadliest in history, infected an estimated 500 million people worldwide – at that time about one-third of the planet’s population – and killed at least 50 million people (a death rate of 10%), including some 700,000 Americans.While preparing for the worst, because Washington – with the help of its level 4 bio-war lab –  will not let go easily, China’s approach of endless inventive creation, avoiding conflicts, will outlive the aggressor.|0
It appears that the virus did not originate in China and, according to reports in Japanes and other media, may have originated in the US.|0
If you are one of the millions of Americans wondering why Dr. Anthony Fauci is vehemently cheerleading and praising a coronavirus vaccine for ALL Americans … Robert F. Kennedy Jr. says follow the money.Bobby Kennedy Jr. dropped a bombshell on the Thomas Paine Podcast, detailing an apparent agreement between the National Institute of Health (NIH) and the Bill Gates-backed pharmacuetical company that has the best chance at this point of securing lucrative contracts for a national coronavirus vaccine. That puts your government in bed with Big Pharma and Gates and could pay as much as 50 percent of the profits to the NIH, the parent agency that employs Dr. Anthony Fauci — who again — is lobbying for the vaccine. Does Fauci get a cut of the bounty too? Or has he already been cut in?Federal officials are not commenting on Kennedy’s alarming information. But … the NIH is the key player in deciding what vaccines get approved for coronavirus and the NIH and government would profit wildly, as Kennedy said, if the Gates-backed pharma play Moderna Inc. gets the green light. Kennedy slammed both Gates and Fauci on numerous occasions during the exclusive interview with Paine. Gates’ company is already in human trials with the vaccine. Just weeks after the outbreak? |0
Population reduction is among the goals of the elite within the WEF, the Rockefellers, Rothschilds, Morgens – and a few more. The objective: fewer people (a small elite) can live longer and better with the reduced and limited resources Mother Earth is generously offering.|0
The sudden death of Canada’s first coronavirus Biosafety Level 4 Lab Director General makes people wonder if Dr. Frank Plummer was assassinated. Mr. Plummer was the key person to the Wuhan coronavirus investigation because Chinese spies have stolen viruses from this Canadian P4 lab and shipped to China. Please click on the link to read more:|0
Where did the coronavirus originate from? That’s one of the most asked questions since the virus started about two months ago. It is a lingering question everyone is asking about. According to a new report from Science Magazine, Wuhan seafood market may not be the source of novel virus that has already claimed the lives of at least 400 people worldwide.While all eyes have so far focused on the seafood market in Wuhan, China, as the origin of the outbreak, the magazine pointed to a description of the first clinical cases published in The Lancet on Friday challenges that hypothesis. The Chinese government denied the lab link to coronavirus as questions over the origin of the virus mount.According to a study written by a large group of Chinese researchers from several institutions, of the original 40 cases in Wuhan, the epicenter of the outbreak, 14 people who contracted the virus never set foot in the Wuhan wildlife market where Chinese authorities have claimed the virus originated. The study further provides details about the first 41 hospitalized patients who had confirmed infections with what has been dubbed 2019 novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV). In the earliest case, the patient became ill on 1 December 2019 and had no reported link to the seafood market, the authors report.“The symptom onset date of the first patient identified was Dec 1, 2019. None of his family members developed fever or any respiratory symptoms. No epidemiological link was found between the first patient and later cases,” the researchers said in the study. Their data also show that, in total, 13 of the 41 cases had no link to the marketplace. “That’s a big number, 13, with no link,” says Daniel Lucey, an infectious disease specialist at Georgetown University. You can read the report in its entirety at Lancet.com. Earlier reports from Chinese health authorities and the World Health Organization had said the first patient had onset of symptoms on 8 December 2019—and those reports simply said “most” cases had links to the seafood market, which was closed on 1 January.Science Magazine is not alone in commenting on the Lancet study. U.S. Senator Tom Cotton cited the same Lancet  study. He tweeted the following: “China claimed—for almost two months—that coronavirus had originated in a Wuhan seafood market. That is not the case. @TheLancet published a study demonstrating that of the original 40 cases, 14 of them had no contact with the seafood market, including Patient Zero.” Sen. Tom Cotton refused to accept claims China made about the origin of the deadly coronavirus.In a related story, late last month, Federal Agents arrested Dr. Charles Lieber, chair of Harvard University’s Department of Chemistry and Chemical Biology, after lying to the Department of Defense about secret monthly payments of $50,000.00 paid by China and receipt of millions more to help set up a chemical/biological “Research” laboratory in China, according to a report from the US Department of Justice (DOJ).Also arrested were two Chinese “Students” working as research assistants, one of whom was actually a lieutenant in the Chinese Army, the other captured at Logan Airport as he tried to catch a flight to China – smuggling 21 vials of “Sensitive Biological Samples” according to the FBI. According to DOJ, this same research professor had helped set up a lab at the Wuhan University of Technology, the same city that is now a ground zero to the potentially global pandemic coronavirus.“Unbeknownst to Harvard University beginning in 2011, Lieber became a “Strategic Scientist” at Wuhan University of Technology (WUT) in China and was a contractual participant in China’s Thousand Talents Plan from in or about 2012 to 2017,” DOJ said.|0
Stay at least 6 feet away from others, wear a face covering when out in public, wash your hands often, and stop touching your face.The best way to kill germs is by scrubbing your hands with soap and water for 20 seconds. Do this frequently before, during and after you visit a public place or have contact with people.When soap isn’t available, use a hand sanitizer. Rub the sanitizer around your hands until it’s dry.Stay home as much as possible and limit your contact with people.|1
It’s too early to know for sure. But other coronaviruses, like ones that cause the common cold, might give us clues.With “common cold coronaviruses, you don’t actually have immunity that lasts for very long, and so we don’t know the answer with this specific coronavirus,” said Dr. Celine Gounder, a professor of medicine and infectious diseases at the New York University School of Medicine.“That’s actually going to be one of the challenges with designing a vaccine is how do you actually cause the immunity to last long enough to protect you.”|1
A molecular biologist proclaimed Thursday that the Chinese coronavirus could have originated at the Wuhan Institute of Virology, and been leaked, leading to it’s horrific spread around the globe.Richard H. Ebright, a professor of chemical biology at Rutgers University, told The Daily Caller that he believes it is a distinct possibility that an accident in the laboratory in China could have caused the outbreak.Professor Ebright said that “A denial is not a refutation,” referring to China’s top virologist Shi Zhengli, who works at the lab in Wuhan, and has repeatedly denied that it was the source of the pandemic.Zhengli, known as ‘bat-woman’, because she works with bat-borne viruses,  has said that the coronavirus spread is “nature punishing the human race for keeping uncivilized living habits.”“The novel 2019 coronavirus is nature punishing the human race for keeping uncivilized living habits. I, Shi Zhengli, swear on my life that it has nothing to do with our laboratory,” she wrote in early February, adding “I advise those who believe and spread rumors from harmful media sources … to shut their stinking mouths.”Professor Ebright pointed to the quote, noting that it makes Zhengli’s denial more suspect.While the professor has been cited by the likes of The Washington Post and MSNBC to dismiss theories about the virus being a bioweapon, the media has not covered his belief that the possibility of a lab accident being the source of the outbreak “cannot–and should not–be dismissed.”To clarify, Professor Ebright categorically does not believe that the virus is an engineered bioweapon, due to the scientific evidence showing otherwise. However, the notion that the strain of coronavirus that has spread around the world, and since mutated, came from the Wuhan lab is a real possibility in Ebright’s opinion.This notion is also supported by the fact that according to a study contributed to by the ‘bat-woman’ herself, Shi Zhengli, the novel coronavirus is 96.2% identical to a viral strain that was detected in horseshoe bats from the Yunnan Province, which is over 600 miles away from Wuhan.Separate Chinese research confirmed this and cited testimonies from close to 60 people who lived or stayed in Wuhan for lengthy periods, saying that the bat “was never a food source in the city, and no bat was traded in the market.”The research paper, which was uploaded to Research Gate on Feb. 6, concluded that “The killer coronavirus probably originated from a laboratory in Wuhan.”The paper was removed from Research Gate on Feb. 14 or 15, according to internet archives, and it’s author cannot be reached.A deadly virus leak from a Chinese lab is not unprecedented. The SARS virus escaped twice from the Chinese Institute of Virology in Beijing in 2004, one year after its spread was brought under control.Many believe that China’s continued subterfuge regarding the coronavirus outbreak, and it’s bizarre accusations that it was spread by the US military, is an effort to divert attention from the possibility that this virus leaked from the Wuhan lab.Senator Tom Cotton, who has been continually vocal on the matter, told The Daily Caller this week that “The reason I have raised these questions from the very beginning is because of China’s statements and their actions.”“After concealing the virus for many weeks in December and then minimizing its severity for most of January, they then peddle an origin story about the food market in Wuhan.” Cotton said, adding “Given their dishonesty and the proximity of these labs, which we know were working with coronaviruses, it is only reasonable and responsible for us to ask the question and demand the answers.”|0
There are splits within any political organization; and, apparently, the false-flag operation against the Skripals was done by a ring that included not only representatives of UK billionaires, but also representatives of Democratic Party U.S. billionaires who are competing for power against Republican Party U.S. billionaires. This is a power-struggle within the U.S.-UK elite. Though that entire elite want to conquer Russia, they disagree on how to do it. The Trumpians want to conquer China and Iran first, but all the others are simply obsessed against Russia. The Skripals got trapped by the Russia-obsessed billionaires.|0
The crisis originated less in a miserable animal market in Wuhan … than in an ordinary act of piracy … possibly perpetrated, in the summer of 2019, by a couple of Chinese scientists who might have stolen coronavirus strains” in a laboratory in Winnipeg, Canada|0
 A pneumonia of unknown cause detected in Wuhan, China was first reported to the WHO Country Office in China on 31 December 2019. WHO is working 24/7 to analyse data, provide advice, coordinate with partners, help countries prepare, increase supplies and manage expert networks. The outbreak was declared a Public Health Emergency of International Concern on 30 January 2020.The international community has asked for US$675 million to help|1
Japanese and Taiwanese epidemiologists and pharmacists have determined that the new coronavirus almost certainly originated in the United States, given that this country is the only one to have all five typical pathogens” found in the virus. “It is therefore likely that the original source of the COVID-19 was the biowar lab in Fort Detrick, [Maryland].|0
As part of an upcoming presentation with GenSix.com, which streams on May 15-16th, I’ve been working to organization information that describes the “trifecta” of death science weapons which are now aimed at humanity. What I’m calling the “death science trifecta” consists of the coronavirus (biological weapons), 5G towers (electromagnetic weapons) and vaccines (chemical weapons). In combination, they are designed to enslave and then exterminate most human beings living today.That’s why there’s no real talk of restoring human freedom, or promoting pro-human free speech or even allowing anyone to advocate nutrition that can save lives. The globalists have zero interest in saving humanity… they are working to exterminate billions of human beings. And bioweapons, 5G and vaccines are the trifecta of mass death and tyranny that they’re using to accomplish their goal.I’ve put this into a must-see infographic shown below. It’s no accident the graphic is organized like the all-seeing eye and pyramid on the back of the US dollar. This is the structure of power over humanity that has been invoked by anti-human globalists for centuries.Take a look at the graphic here, and share everywhere, along with a warning. If humanity doesn’t rise up against our oppressors, we will be exterminated.To hear my full lecture on the death science trifecta, register at GenSix.com for the upcoming conference on May 15-16th. I’m presenting a nearly three-hour lecture on all this, detailing the real threats against humanity and how a small number of informed human beings may survive the extermination attempt.As you can see from the infographic above, depopulation is the end game of all this. Big Tech, Big Pharma and Big Science are all colluding to obliterate the human population on our planet. They are in, fact, preparing Earth for a post-human era.Here’s a preview snippet of what the lecture features:Globalists have decided they don’t need humans any longer, and their final act will be the global financial “reset” looting of all assets, combined with the global deployment of a vaccine euthanasia “kill switch” to cause billions of deaths. This is why they are now using armed government assault teams to raid and shut down anyone who promotes colloidal silver, vitamin C or chlorine dioxide, in order to eliminate any possibility of a nutrient or natural substance that might help protect the public from infections. They need to keep the path clear for vaccines to be the only “savior” of humanity. They can’t allow anything else to work first, you see. Vaccines must be the only option offered to the world.That’s the only way they can achieve widespread compliance with the euthanasia kill shots. They have to label them “vaccines” and tell people if they don’t take the shot, they won’t be allowed to participate in society. Big Tech is all part of this war on humanity, of course, as they are blacklisting all individuals or websites that dare to promote immune boosting strategies that might help protect humanity from a worsening pandemic.In essence, Big Tech, Big Pharma and Big Science have all become direct enemies of humanity, and they are engaged in a full-blown war on humanity, invoking (at least) three key weapons to destroy the human race: Biological weapons, electromagnetic weapons and chemical weapons.In truth, they’re also using pollution weapons (stratospheric aerosol injections /chemtrails), info weapons (engineered media disinformation) and genetic weapons (transgenetic weaponization of vaccine ingredients to alter the genetic code of vaccine recipients) too. At the same time, you may have noticed that the food supply is being deliberately destroyed in order to cause widespread famine and desperation. FEMA camps will offer soup kitchens and food bank “rescue” packages for the public, but as soon as the coronavirus vaccine is available, you’ll be required to show your “vaccine papers” to receive a food rescue package.Food scarcity, in other words, is being weaponized to force mandatory vaccines onto the public. When they are hungry enough, they will gladly line up to be injected with anything in exchange for a few meals. (And the globalists know this.) A mass awakening has begun… but will it emerge in time?Humanity is now on the brink. But there is also mass awakening taking place at this very moment, as billions of people around the world are coming to realize they are literally being enslaved with “house arrest” orders forced upon them by ignorant, incompetent, immoral “leaders” who refuse to recommend the nutritional solutions that can protect public health and help us all get back to normal living (things like zinc, vitamin D, vitamin C, elderberry extract and so on).Perhaps it will take the temporary experience of global enslavement to finally awaken humanity to the truth: You are a slave, Neo. You were born into a prison, a prison for your mind. And if you want to free your mind, you will need to reject the toxic chemicals, medicines, disinformation and technologies of the globalists. That means no 5G, no vaccines, no pharmaceuticals and no more living on processed junk food that makes you weak and dumbed down.Smash your iPhone. Put down the antidepressants. Turn off the brainwashing cable news. Stop eating garbage, nutrient-depleted processed food.Start filling your body with nutrition while energizing your mind with real, uncensored truth.|0
No vaccine is available, although scientists will be starting human testing on a vaccine very soon. However, it may be a year or more before we even know if we have a vaccine that works.|1
Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus-2 (SARS-CoV-2) is the name given to the 2019 novel coronavirus. COVID-19 is the name given to the disease associated with the virus. SARS-CoV-2 is a new strain of coronavirus that has not been previously identified in humans.|1
“I will tell you, more and more, we’re hearing the story [that the new coronavirus emerged from a Wuhan lab].” President Trump isn’t the only one hearing this tale. The political world, Internet theorists, intelligence analysts and global public health officials are abuzz with a big question: Is it possible that the new coronavirus — which causes covid-19 — leaked from a lab?For months, Chinese authorities have pointed to the Huanan Seafood Wholesale Market in Wuhan as the virus’s likely origin. A cluster of early cases had contact with the market. It sold a wide variety of wildlife that, officials hypothesized, was critical to the virus’s formation and spread. Severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) and Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS), which cause similar symptoms, were formed after a coronavirus from a bat transformed in another animal and then jumped to humans.The logic seems straightforward. But a more complete analysis of early cases suggests that locating the origin of the virus may not be so simple. A study published in the New England Journal of Medicine found that of the first 425 patients, only 45 percent had connections to the market. A separate Jan. 24 analysis published in the Lancet found that three of the first four cases — including the first known case — did not have market links.Daniel R. Lucey, a pandemics expert at Georgetown University, put it simply: “In my opinion, the virus came into the market before it came out of the market.”That tinge of uncertainty was bolstered after Washington Post columnist Josh Rogin revealed two 2018 cables in which State Department officials warned of safety issues at the Wuhan Institute of Virology, a laboratory studying bat coronaviruses. Renewed questions about the virus’s origin brought a rush of alternative theories. Some claimed the virus was a bioweapon. Others suggested it had been altered for a scientific experiment or was simply a viral sample that escaped from a lab.Let’s be clear: No scientist we spoke to thinks the new coronavirus was designed as a bioweapon. When asked, Milton Leitenberg, a biological weapons expert at the University of Maryland, responded with a flat “No.”Most experts say the new coronavirus was the product of a natural process. Still, the safety issues described in the 2018 cables, the Chinese government’s response and the proximity of the labs to the market have raised eyebrows.As college professors are fond of saying, the absence of evidence is not the same as the evidence of absence. The Fact Checker video team investigates.The Facts. The Labs. In Wuhan, at least two labs study coronaviruses that originate in bats — the Wuhan Institute of Virology (WIV) and the Wuhan Center for Disease Control and Prevention (WHCDC). Both are close to the seafood market. The WIV is about eight miles away. The WHCDC is right around the corner.Despite the overlap in research, what the two labs actually do is quite different. The WIV is home to China’s first laboratory to receive the highest level of international bioresearch safety (known as BSL-4). In addition, it houses lower-level (BSL-3 and BSL-2) labs. The WHCDC is home only to a BSL-2 lab.“BSL-2 is what we normally think of when we think of a lab,” explained Angela Rasmussen, a virologist at Columbia University’s Mailman School of Public Health. It is a lab where “somebody is wearing a lab coat and gloves; they’re at a bench.” (BSL-4 is akin to what is seen in movies such as “Contagion.”She explained that the seemingly relaxed security is because coronaviruses found in bats “don’t infect human cells very well, if at all. So often they’re not considered major potential pathogens because they just don’t grow very well in other species besides bats.” If scientists were being particularly cautious, she explained, they might work in a BSL-3 lab.Researchers from both labs faced criticism in recent years that they have not followed appropriate safety protocols. A video published in December 2019 shows Tian Junhua, a prominent researcher based at the WHCDC, conducting field research on bats without appropriate protective equipment.Warnings from U.S. diplomats in 2018 appeared to refer to the BSL-4 lab at the WIV. They reported: “During interactions with scientists at the WIV laboratory, they noted the new lab has a serious shortage of appropriately trained technicians and investigators needed to safely operate this high-containment laboratory.”But Rasmussen cautioned against putting too much weight on these reports: “Without fail, every single BSL-4 lab in the U.S. gets some type of safety violation, some type of thing that they could do better.”A 2019 paper written by WIV researchers about China’s effort to add more high-level bioresearch labs warned: “The experience of laboratory biosafety personnel training is relatively lacking. … Insufficient training staff and training problems such as uneven standards require urgent improvement.” A separate 2019 paper by Yuan Zhiming, a chief scientist at Wuhan, described systemic deficiencies at high-security labs: “Maintenance cost is generally neglected; several high-level BSLs have insufficient operating funds for routine, yet vital processes.” Most laboratories “lack specialized biosafety managers and engineers,” he wrote.Months after the new coronavirus was discovered, the Global Times, a state-run newspaper, published an article outlining new government guidelines aimed at fixing “chronic management loopholes at virus labs.” The article noted that some labs have paid “insufficient attention to biological disposal.”Could a safety lapse have opened the door for the new coronavirus to escape one of these labs, just as SARS had? (To be clear, SARS escaped after it had been identified. The initial outbreak did not begin this way.) Accidents happen. Records reveal multiple accidents have led to the escape of dangerous pathogens and inadvertent infections at U.S. laboratories.While no comparable records exist in China, one of the world’s foremost experts on these viruses, Shi Zhengli, based at the WIV, thought it was possible. In March, Shi told the Scientific American that in the early days of the outbreak, even she wondered whether coronaviruses were to blame. “Could they have come from our lab?” After all, her lab had collected and sequenced tens of thousands of coronaviruses over the past decade. (She has since adamantly denied that the new coronavirus could have emerged from her lab. Her boss and the WIV issued similar denials.The Virus.Safety protocols aren’t a virus’s only barrier between a life in a test tube and one infecting millions. The virus would need to be able to infect humans (or another animal that can then infect humans), and that infection needs to be strong enough that it isn’t immediately beaten by the immune system, allowing it to spread among people.Most known bat coronaviruses cannot do either of these things. The novel coronavirus, however, can do both. That said, it is called “novel” for a reason: It had never before appeared in scientific research.Viruses — like people — have distinct genetic sequences that give scientists clues to their origin. Research published in the journal Nature on Feb. 3 found that this virus falls within a family of known coronaviruses that come from bats. It shares nearly 80 percent of the genome as the original SARS-CoV and 96 percent of the genome of a virus (RaTG13) that Shi’s team had previously sampled.While 96 percent may sound like a big overlap to nonscientists, the 4 percent difference is found in the part of the virus that binds to human cells. Without that adaptation, Lucey, the Georgetown professor, put it simply: “It’s interesting, but it’s not going to cause any outbreaks in people.”Moreover, the two viruses are generations apart. Edward Holmes, an evolutionary virologist from the University of Sydney who has written about the origin of the new virus, explained via email that the two viruses “shared a common ancestor that lived a long time ago. What this means is that [the new coronavirus] is NOT derived from RaTG13.” Holmes noted another virus that — like RaTG13 — was sampled 1,000 miles from Wuhan in a cave in Yunnan is a closer relative to the new virus, but “not close enough to be the direct ancestor.” And critically, he said, this other virus, “is not from the Wuhan Institute of Virology, nor from anywhere else in Wuhan.”So how did this virus end up 1,000 miles from the nearest known relative? There are any number of potential explanations. A wildlife trafficker might have brought an infected bat into the city. Another animal might have picked up the virus from bats years ago, allowing it to transform in just the right way to infect humans. There are thousands of bat viruses that scientists have not sampled and even more coronaviruses that circulate in other species, so there’s no guarantee it actually came from thousands of miles away.But even if that virus from Shi’s lab is not the source for the virus, her lab is full of bat coronavirus variants. That left us wondering: Could this virus have been the accidental product of an experiment gone awry? A 2015 paper cautioned against the “gain of function” experiments with which Shi’s team was involved. In this kind of experiment, the researchers mutate a virus strain to enhance a pathogen’s natural traits. Even though the most dangerous part of that experiment was not conducted at the WIV, the 2018 State Department cables referenced similar research by Shi and her team.In 2017, Shi and her team published a study revealing that they had found a coronavirus from a bat that could be transmitted directly to humans. After reviewing the study, Rasmussen said via email that just because these viruses could attach to human cells, it “does not show that they are particularly effective at doing so.” Binding is only one part of the process. “It is not the sole determinant of viral fitness (the ability of the virus to replicate robustly in a given host) or pathogenicity (the ability of the virus to cause disease).” Moreover, genomic analysis reveals that none of the virus samples used to conduct these experiments were or could have been transformed to be the new coronavirus that causes covid-19.That, however, is just one study. Shi’s lab published dozens of academic papers researching bat coronaviruses. The Washington Post reviewed academic studies that described “scores of encounters with animals that are known hosts to deadly viruses, including strains closely related to the pathogen behind the covid-19 outbreak.”“While the scientists wore gloves and masks and took other protective measures, U.S. experts who reviewed the experiments say the precautions would not necessarily protect the researchers from harmful exposures, in caves or in the lab,” The Post reported.This kind of research filled in critical gaps in scientific understanding of SARS-like coronaviruses. It also increased the risk of accidental exposure and lab accidents. But many scientists are still dubious.Kristian G. Andersen, an immunology and microbiology professor at Scripps Research, alongside Holmes and other researchers, stated firmly, “Our analyses clearly show that SARS-CoV-2 is not a laboratory construct or a purposefully manipulated virus.” Trevor Bedford, a researcher in computational biology and infectious diseases at Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, was more specific. “You don’t see kind of large chunks of genomic material that are somehow inserted or absent,” he said. Rather, it is the opposite. “The differences are these small mutations, as you’d expect from nature.”(Shi did not return our emails. None of her current collaborators we spoke to could precisely speak to her current research.) Still, no scientist was willing to completely dismiss the idea — they only said that it was highly unlikely. After all, we neither know what either lab was specifically working on, nor do we have an archive of every animal in the lab and virus sequence in its freezer. Without identifying the earliest case and the evolution of the virus, everything is a hypothesis.Richard H. Ebright, a microbiologist and biosafety expert at Rutgers University, said: “The question whether the outbreak virus entered humans through an accidental infection of a lab worker is a question of historical fact, not a question of scientific fact. The question can be answered only through a forensic investigation, not through a scientific investigation.”The Chinese Response. The actions of Chinese officials have done little to quash suspicion of a lab leak. Before the government had even alerted the World Health Organization to the growing epidemic, scientists were told to destroy early samples of the virus, according to the Straits Times.Then, in an unusual move for the government, officials quickly pinned the outbreak on the market. But they have done little to provide supporting evidence for this theory. Officials reported that 33 of 585 environmental samples from the market contained the new coronavirus. Thirty-one of the positive samples were located in the area of the market known to sell wildlife. But where exactly these samples were taken is not clear. They could just as well have been taken from animal cages or a bathroom. Moreover, China has not divulged the results of any tests done on any animals that were recovered from the market before it was cleaned.Several doctors, journalists and researchers based in China appear to have suddenly gone quiet over this issue. The New York Times reported by mid-January — shortly after the sequence of the virus was made public — that “Chinese scientists cut off official communications” with their American counterparts.On Feb. 6, Botao Xiao, a molecular biomechanics researcher at South China University of Technology, published a paper arguing that “the killer coronavirus probably originated from a laboratory in Wuhan.” He pointed to the previous safety mishaps and the kind of research both labs undertake as evidence. After the paper gained international attention, Chinese authorities flatly denied that an accident happened. Xiao later withdrew the paper, explaining in a brief email to the Wall Street Journal on Feb. 26: “The speculation about the possible origins in the post was based on published papers and media, and was not supported by direct proofs.”The Chinese government’s actions have inhibited the scientific community’s ability to trace the origin of the virus and serve to only raise suspicions.“It just seems like such a remarkable coincidence that you have an outbreak of a coronavirus in theory from a bat in the same city where there is this high-level BSL-4 laboratory, where not only are there foreign concerns about its safety, but there are Chinese articles about the safety protocols not being sufficient. And obviously there’s no smoking gun,” said Emily de La Bruyère, a China expert with Horizon Advisory. “It’s all circumstantial, but it’s pretty remarkable.”In a statement via email, the Chinese Embassy in Washington told The Fact Checker: “The source of the virus is a serious and complex matter of science that must be studied by scientists and medical experts. Many scientists have already pointed out that COVID-19 has a natural origin.”But the U.S. government is not convinced. The intelligence community “will continue to rigorously examine emerging information and intelligence to determine whether the outbreak began through contact with infected animals or if it was the result of an accident at a laboratory in Wuhan,” the director of national intelligence said in a statement on April 30.The Bottom Line. The balance of the scientific evidence strongly supports the conclusion that the new coronavirus emerged from nature — be it the Wuhan market or somewhere else. Too many unexpected coincidences would have had to take place for it to have escaped from a lab. But the Chinese government has not been willing or able to provide information that would clarify lingering questions about any possible role played by either Wuhan lab.That’s why intelligence agencies are still exploring that possibility, no matter how remote it may be. And even then, it’s unclear when or if we will ever know the origin story of this new virus that is causing death and economic turmoil around the globe.|1
SARS-CoV-2 — A Biological Warfare Weapon. “Novel coronavirus” means it is a new virus not previously known to previously infect humans. The currently held conventional view is that SARS-CoV-2 was transmitted through animals (zoonotic transmission), specifically bats. Boyle dismissed this notion in our initial interview, and still refutes the idea. While a widely-cited paper,2 published in the Nature journal on February 3, 2020, claims to establish that SARS-CoV-2 is a coronavirus of bat origin that then jumped species, the work of one of the authors of that paper, Shi Zhengli, actually involved the weaponization of the SARS virus. (Another Nature paper3 published that same day reiterates the idea that the COVID-19 pandemic is zoonotically transmitted.) However, according to Boyle, other scientific literature establishes that this is indeed an engineered synthetic virus that was not transmitted from animals to humans without human intervention. For starters, a Lancet paper4 published February 15, 2020, by physicians who treated some of the first COVID-19 patients in China showed that patient zero, the one believed to have started the transmission, was nowhere near the Wuhan seafood market. What’s more, there were no bats sold in or even close to the market. At least one-third of the patients reviewed also had no exposure or links to that market. This data supports the counter-hypothesis that SARS-CoV-2 was not zoonotically transmitted but is in fact an engineered virus. Even U.S. politicians and intelligence agencies are starting to say they believe the virus leaked from the Wuhan BSL4 lab.5,6 In our first interview, Boyle discussed published research establishing that the novel coronavirus is SARS, which is a weaponized version of the coronavirus to begin with Wuhan BSL 4 lab, with added gain-of-function capabilities that increases its virulence (makes it spread easier and faster). “I also went through the scientific article where the Australian health board working with Wuhan … genetically engineered HIV into SARS,” Boyle says. “So, that is all verified in scientific papers. In addition, it seems to me that they took that back to the [Wuhan] BSL4 and applied nanotechnology to it. The size of the molecules are maybe 120 microns, which indicates to me we are dealing with nanotechnology. That's [something] you need to do in a BSL4. Biological weapons nanotechnology is so dangerous, people working with it have to wear a moon suit with portable air. We also know that one of the cooperating institutions [to Wuhan BSL4] was Harvard, and that the chairman of the Harvard chemistry department, [Dr. Charles Lieber], a specialist in nanotechnology, set up an entire laboratory in Wuhan where [according to reports] he specialized in applying nanotechnology to chemistry and biology. My guess is, based on what I've read in the literature, that they tried to weaponize all that together. And that is SARS-CoV-2 that we are dealing with now. So, it's SARS, which is genetically engineered biowarfare agent to begin with. Second, it has gain-of-function properties, which makes it more lethal, more infectious. It has HIV in there. That was confirmed by an Indian scientist … and it looks like nanotechnology [has been used] … An MIT scientist who did a study found that it traveled 27 feet through the air. And that, I guess, was in lab conditions.That, I think, is why it's so infectious, and that is what I believe we are dealing with here … [This is] why the 6-foot [social distancing recommendation] by the CDC … is preposterous. Even doubling that will do you no good. If there is nanotechnology, it floats in the air. I am not saying that China deliberately released this, shooting itself in the foot. But it was clear they were developing an extremely dangerous unknown biological weapon that had never been seen before, and it leaked out of the lab.And as you see in the Washington Post,7 U.S. State Department officials … [reported] back to Washington that there were inadequate safety precautions and procedures in that lab to begin with. We also know that SARS has leaked out of other Chinese biological warfare labs. So right now, I believe that is what happened here. I personally believe that until our political leaders come clean with the American people, both at the White House and in Congress and our state government, and publicly admit that this is an extremely dangerous offensive biological warfare weapon that we are dealing with, I do not see that we will be able to confront it and to stop it, let alone defeat it.”Advertisement. Click here to learn more about Earth Day. The Origin of SARS-CoV-2. While Boyle made the origin of SARS-CoV-2 clear in our initial conversation, as I started reading some of the literature it really was shocking because one of the primary investigators on the 2015 paper8 from the University of North Carolina — “A SARS-like Cluster of Circulating Bat Coronaviruses Shows Potential for Human Emergence” — was Dr. Shi Zhengli, a virologist who in 2010 had published a paper9 discussing the weaponization of the SARS virus. Normally, while the coronavirus found in bats may be SARS,10 it typically does not infect humans as it does not target the ACE-2 receptor. The infectious agent causing the current pandemic is called SARS-CoV-2 — SARS standing for “serious acute respiratory infection” and CoV-2 indicating that it’s a second type of SARS coronavirus known to infect humans. SARS-CoV-2, of course, contains the genetic modification to attach to ACE2 receptors in human cells, which allows it to infect them. Zhengli’s publications show that she engineered this bat coronavirus into one that crosses species and infects humans. She has in fact been working on this for more than 10 years. “That is why I said SARS was a bioengineered warfare weapon to begin with,” Boyle says. “And that is what … [the University of] North Carolina and … the Australian lab were trying to make even more dangerous with the gain-of-function and the HIV. So … SARS was a biological warfare [agent] to begin with, it leaked, and that is the origin of the [COVID-19] epidemic.” In addition, an Indian paper11,12 that ended up being withdrawn due to intense political pressure, shows a specific envelope protein from the HIV virus called GP41 was integrated in the RNA sequences of SARS-CoV-2. In other words, the implication is that the HIV virus was genetically engineered into SARS. So, in summary, SARS-CoV-2 appears to be a bioengineered bat coronavirus13 — which was initially benign and nontransmittable to humans. Zhengli then genetically modified the virus to integrate spike proteins that allows the virus to enter human cells by attaching to ACE-2 receptors. That was the first modification.The second modification was to integrate an envelope protein from HIV called GP141, which tends to impair the immune system. A third modification appears to involve nanotechnology to make the virus light enough to remain airborne for a long time, apparently giving it a range of up to 27 feet.14. Nanotech Expert With Wuhan Connection Arrested While the BSL4 lab in Wuhan may have leaked the virus, its creation does not appear to be limited to the Chinese. As noted by Boyle in his comment above, the chairman of the Harvard department of chemistry, nanoscience expert Dr. Charles Lieber, was arrested earlier this year by federal agencies, suspected of illegal dealings with China.15 Lieber has denied the allegations. The Wuhan University of Technology (WUT) allegedly paid him $50,000 a month from 2012 to 2017 to help establish and oversee the WUT-Harvard Joint Nano Key Laboratory. He also received another $150,000 a month in living expenses from China’s Thousand Talents program. The problem was, Harvard officials claim they had not approved the lab and didn’t know about it until 2015. Boyle comments: “The cover story here — that Harvard didn't know what was going on — is preposterous. I spent seven years at Harvard. I have three degrees from Harvard. I spent two years teaching at Harvard. Of course Harvard knew that its chair of the chemistry department had this lab in Wuhan, China, where he was working on nanotechnology with respect to chemical and biological materials. That's been reported. They didn't say what the materials were. In addition, it has now been reported that Harvard was a cooperating institution with the Wuhan BSL4.” Researchers Working on Gain-of-Function to Spanish Flu. If you think SARS-CoV-2 is bad, be glad it’s not the weaponized version of Spanish flu, which has also been in the works, according to Boyle. He says: “[The University of North Carolina’s] work was existentially dangerous and they knew it at the time. If you read the UNC scientific article16 [cowritten by] the Wuhan BSL4 scientist [Shi Zhengli] … it says, ‘Experiments with the full-length and chimeric SHC014 recombinant viruses were initiated and performed before the GOF research funding pause and have since been reviewed and approved for continued study by the NIH.’ It says recombinant … So, they admit it was gain-of-function [research]. [The research] was paused by NIH17 [National Institutes of Health]. Why was it paused by NIH? Because there was a letter put out by large numbers of life scientists at the time saying this type of gain-of-function work … could be existentially dangerous if it got out in the public. Therefore, it had to be terminated … [But] the NIH was funding this in the beginning. A footnote here: I read the NIH’s pause letter to the University of North Carolina, and UNC was doing two gain-of-function research projects. The other one was with Dr. [Yoshihiro] Kawaoka from the University of Wisconsin, who had resurrected the Spanish flu virus18 for the Pentagon. He, according to the pause letter, was also there doing gain-of-function work on the flu virus — one could only conclude it was the Spanish flu virus. It did not say the Spanish flu, but they also put a gain-of-function pause on that type of deadly research. I mean, the Spanish flu, we all know what that is, so imagine giving the Spanish flu gain-of-function properties, making it even more lethal and more infectious. That's exactly what was going on there at that UNC lab …” Disturbingly, while the NIH halted funding of this kind of gain-of-function research on lethal pathogens in 2014, it reauthorized it in December 2017,19 and Boyle suspects Kawaoka’s work may have been restarted as well, although he’s not found proof of it yet. “So, this was existentially dangerous work that was going on at that UNC lab. Everyone knew it, NIH funded it, NIAID under Dr. Fauci funded it as well. They knew exactly how dangerous this was. They paused it and then they resumed it,” Boyle says. Can Violations of Biowarfare Treaty Be Enforced? As mentioned, Boyle is a professor of international law and drafted an international treaty on biowarfare agents and weapons. That law is still in force, and would provide life imprisonment for everyone involved in the creation and release of SARS-CoV-2, were it officially concluded to be a biowarfare agent. “If you read that UNC article,20 it says exactly it was dealing with synthetic molecules … And in my biological weapons anti-terrorism act of 1989, I specifically criminalized — by that name — synthetic molecules. That is why, at first, the whole synthetic biology movement … was set up by the Pentagons DARPA. They funded the whole thing. And it's DARPA money that is behind synthetic biology, gene drive and all the rest of it. And that is why at the first convention of synthetic biologists, in their final report, one of their key recommendations was the repeal of my biological weapons anti-terrorism act, because they fully intended to use synthetic biology to manufacture biological weapons. The law still applies. It provides for life imprisonment for everyone who has done this … all the scientists involved at the University of North Carolina and everyone who funded this project, knowing that it was existentially dangerous — and that includes Fauci and [people at] the NIH … UNC, Food and Drug Administration … the Dana Harvard Cancer Institute at Harvard … the World Health Organization …”So, just how would we get that process of justice going? Boyle explains: “There are two ways. First, you're going to have to pressure the Department of Justice to prosecute these people. That might be very difficult to do. Federal statutes require indictments to be brought by U.S. attorneys. However, just with respect to North Carolina, state law applies there too. I haven't researched North Carolina law; however, I was originally hired here to teach criminal law and I taught it for seven or eight years. To have criminal intent, one of the variants of criminal intent is the demonstration of grave indifference to human life. And that is the criminal intent necessary for homicide. So in my opinion, and my advice would be, if we can't get [attorney general William Pelham] Barr to sign off on prosecuting these people, that the district attorney, state’s attorney, attorney general out there in North Carolina, institute and indict everyone involved in this North Carolina work for homicide. And that could include up to and including murder, malice of forethought. Again, one of the elements can be manifestation of grave indifference to human life. And it's clear from this article [the 2015 UNC paper21], they knew it was gain-of-function, they paused it because it was existentially dangerous, it was then reapproved and they continued it. So, I think a good case could be made, certainly, for indicting these people under North Carolina law by North Carolina legal authorities, if the federal government is not going to do it for us, under my law [the Biological Weapons Anti-Terrorism Act of 1989]. But again, I want to make it clear, I haven't research North Carolina law.”Time to Shutter All BSL4 Laboratories? Boyle is adamant that all BSL3 and BSL4 laboratories must be closed down and all biowarfare work with lethal pathogens ceased. “They are all existentially dangerous,” he says. “This is a catastrophe waiting to happen. And it is now happened. Here we are. It's staring us in the face.” Certainly, COVID-19 is nowhere near as devastating as the Black Death or the Spanish flu of 1918, both of which exacted a shocking death toll, all without the aid of synthetic molecules and nanotechnology. The very idea that any of these horrific illnesses might be brought back in turbo-charged form should be terrifying enough for the world to unite in saying “No thanks; we don’t want or need that kind of research going on.” What value have these dangerous laboratories provided to date compared to the risk they are exposing all of us to?In closing, while Boyle believes COVID-19 has the ability to become a serious pandemic killer, I strongly disagree. Based on all the data I’ve seen so far, I believe he’s wrong on this point, and I suspect the death toll due to economic hardship and emotional stress will be far worse than the disease itself.|0
Your immune system is your body's defense system. When a harmful invader — like a cold or flu virus, or the coronavirus that causes COVID-19 — gets into your body, your immune system mounts an attack. Known as an immune response, this attack is a sequence of events that involves various cells and unfolds over time.Following general health guidelines is the best step you can take toward keeping your immune system strong and healthy. Every part of your body, including your immune system, functions better when protected from environmental assaults and bolstered by healthy-living strategies such as these:Don't smoke or vape.Eat a diet high in fruits, vegetables, and whole grains.Take a multivitamin if you suspect that you may not be getting all the nutrients you need through your diet.Exercise regularly.Maintain a healthy weight.Control your stress level.Control your blood pressure.If you drink alcohol, drink only in moderation (no more than one to two drinks a day for men, no more than one a day for women).Get enough sleep.Take steps to avoid infection, such as washing your hands frequently and trying not to touch your hands to your face, since harmful germs can enter through your eyes, nose, and mouth.|1
Many hardline environmentalists are overjoyed at the atmosphere of fear that Covid-19 has created; for them, it is an instrument for realising the dream of a society that runs according to climate alarmists’ dogma. “Some believe the pandemic is a once-in-a-generation chance to remake society and build a better future,” argues one advocate of climate alarmism.  So, in case you thought that Covid-19 is a global pandemic of catastrophic proportions, think again! In the West, hardline environmentalists are working overtime to portray Covid-19 as payback for all the miseries that humans have inflicted on the planet. They claim that global warming, species extinction, the emergence of superbugs and the eating of meat are somehow directly or indirectly linked to the outbreak of the current pandemic. They regard the fears and anxiety generated by the current public health emergency as an opportunity to promote the message that, unless we accept their dogma, humanity will become extinct. Some of them are positively overjoyed at the opportunity created by the climate of fear that’s all-pervasive across the world. “We’ve been trying for years to get people out of normal mode and into emergency mode,” enthused Margaret Klein Salamon, who heads the advocacy group The Climate Mobilization. She added that “what is possible politically is fundamentally different when lots of people get into emergency mode – when they fundamentally accept that there’s danger, and that if we want to be safe we need to do everything we can.”  Keeping people in a state of fear of what they euphemistically describe as ‘emergency mode’ is the objective of Klein Salamon. As she stated, “now the challenge is to keep emergency mode activated about climate.”  That’s another way of saying that perpetuating –indeed, institutionalising– a climate of fear is the main objective of this movement. From this perspective Covid-19 is not so much a tragic public health issue but an instrument for realising the dream of a society that runs according to the environmentalist dogma of misanthropic miserabilism. What green fear entrepreneurs really hate is the spirit of human ambition, that refuses to defer to the dictates of nature. This is a spirit that is open to taking risks in order to transform the world through the use of science and technology. From the time when humans stepped out of their caves to taking the risk of travelling to space, there were always those who decided to do what was necessary to conquer their fears. The refusal not to give in to fears is always the first step towards looking for solutions that will allow us to assume greater control over our lives. It is precisely this aspiration to take control and harness the power of nature and science that climate alarmists despise. They despise it so much that they have coined the term ‘human impact’ to suggest that what people have done to the planet is by definition wholly destructive. They hate humans’ impact on the world so much that many of them want to dramatically decrease the number of babies that are born. According to the climate alarmist narrative, being scared for your life is the desirable state to be in. As Klein Salamon indicated, “we need to learn to be scared together, to agree on what we’re terrified about”! Why? Because collective fears will force governments to act! Back in the 17th century, the English philosopher Thomas Hobbes anticipated the green politics of fear in his classic text, The Leviathan. Hobbes claimed that it is good when people are scared and frightened. Why? Because in their state of fear people will readily subject themselves to an absolutist ruler in exchange for his protection. One does not need a PhD in philosophy to understand that climate alarmist politics leads straight to the doorstep of the Leviathan.|0
Reported illnesses have ranged from mild symptoms to severe illness and death for confirmed coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) cases. These symptoms may appear 2-14 days after exposure (based on the incubation period of MERS-CoV viruses). Fever. Cough. Shortness of breath. If you develop emergency warning signs for COVID-19 get medical attention immediately. Emergency warning signs include: Trouble breathing. Persistent pain or pressure in the chest. New confusion or inability to arouse. Bluish lips or face. This list is not all inclusive. Please consult your medical provider for any other symptoms that are severe or concerning.|1
The apocalyptic coverage of the 2019-nCoV (corona virus) outbreak in China demonstrates how mainstream media outlets and social media platforms shape the audience’s perception of reality. While the Chinese government appears to be employing needed measures to contain the outbreak and prevent the virus spread, the MSM [mainstream media] uses this measures to feed the audience with speculations that this is a signal of the Chinese inability to keep the situation under control.|0
The truth about novel coronavirus is starting to trickle its way out of the realm of independent science with new research pointing to strange anomalies in the virus’s genetic structure that suggest it’s more than likely a bioweapon. Published in the online journal bioRxiv, the study found that novel coronavirus contains “key structural proteins” from HIV. Entitled, “Uncanny similarity of unique inserts in the 2019-nCoV spike protein to HIV-1 gp120 and Gag,” the paper identifies four unique insertions in the virus’s spike glycoprotein that aren’t present in any other form of coronavirus, meaning this one is a whole different animal. The paper goes into further specifics about how these inserts do not appear to be natural, concluding that the engineering of novel coronavirus with these unusual gene sequences “is unlikely to be fortuitous in nature,” again pointing to its unnatural origin. Almost nobody knows about this study because the mainstream media is ignoring it and its implications. And independent media outlets like Zero Hedge that have dared to report on it are now being systematically censored from Twitter and other social media platforms for spreading “misinformation.” Be sure to watch the below Health Ranger report from Brighteon.com about the coronavirus situation, entitled “Coronavirus is BIOLOGICAL WEAPON system designed to destroy America:” Was the release of novel coronavirus an accident or intentional? Based on the information put forth by Zero Hedge that got the site banned from Twitter, it appears that novel coronavirus is, in fact, a manufactured bioweapon. The question that remains is whether or not it was accidentally or intentionally released. Dr. Peng Zhou, Ph.D., the scientist who Zero Hedge outed for working with deadly viruses at the Wuhan Institute of Virology, very well could have been involved with research on this particular virus that potentially went terribly wrong. Or, it’s possible that it was developed on purpose as a covert bioweapon to unleash havoc on the world. Keep in mind that the aforementioned paper has since been retracted, meaning someone got to the researchers who published it and pressured them to withdraw it, presumably because it contains too much truth. There’s obviously much more to the story than we’re all being told, and yet the corporate media continues to publish lies – or nothing at all – about the true origin of novel coronavirus. We’re all expected to just believe the narrative that bats and snakes at a seafood market caused this, case closed. “No doubt the authors of this particular paper have been sufficiently threatened to revise their conclusions, and an update of their original paper will soon be posted that effectively denounces everything they stated in the original paper,” Adams contends. “The criminal wing of the science establishment strikes again, of course, and this tactic of threatening scientists with loss of funding, being blacklisted or even physically threatened and killed is not unusual at all.” Time will tell if anything becomes of politically incorrect science like this that lets the cat out of the bag, so to speak. It’s apparently too much truth for the general public to handle, so it has to be stifled and buried, at least for now. To keep up with the latest coronavirus news, be sure to check out Pandemic.news.|0
the CDC recommends men shave their beards to protect against coronavirus|0
With the Covid-19 pandemic, there are so many new things we need to grow accustomed to. We’re physically avoiding many of the people and places we love, and too many are now being burdened by the sudden economic crisis that has arisen alongside the pandemic.But there are also a lot of new, and confusing, terms we’re hearing about.It’s okay if you’re unsure of the difference between a respirator and a ventilator, or the distinction between isolation and quarantine. We hope this glossary of pandemic terms will help.Virus and outbreak terms. SARS-CoV-2 — The formal, scientific name of the virus that’s causing this pandemic. (It’s short for “severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2.”)Covid-19 — The disease caused by the virus SARS-CoV-2. If you’re sick, you have Covid-19. You were infected by SARS-CoV-2. (If you’re still confused, think about how the HIV virus causes AIDS.)Coronavirus — This is a family of viruses that SARS-CoV-2 belongs to (technically they are known as betacoronaviruses, but you can just say coronavirus). The 2003 SARS outbreak was a coronavirus, as was MERS in 2012. They are named coronaviruses because of their shape. When viewed through a microscope, the individual virus looks like a sphere surrounded by a spiky crown (or corona).Endemic — A disease that regularly infects humans, like the flu, strep throat, or any common illness. There are four coronavirus strains that commonly infect humans, usually manifesting as colds. It’s possible that SARS-CoV-2 becomes endemic, too.Pandemic — A worldwide spread of a new disease. Most famous, perhaps, is the 1918 flu pandemic that is believed to have infected one in three people on the planet. Pandemic diseases can become endemic. The World Health Organization declared Covid-19 a pandemic on March 11, 2020.Epidemic — A disease that’s spreading over a wide area. An epidemic is a less severe designation than a pandemic, but there is an overlap between the two terms. And yes, it’s a bit confusing: “While a pandemic may be characterized as a type of epidemic, you would not say that an epidemic is a type of pandemic,” Merriam-Webster explains. The 2015-2016 spread of the Zika virus through South and Central America and the Caribbean was an epidemic.Herd immunity — Herd immunity occurs when enough people become immune to a disease — either through exposure or via a vaccine — that the spread of the disease begins to slow, or stop, within a population. Right now, immunity to Covid-19 is not well understood. In time, researchers will be able to test the blood of people who have recovered from Covid-19 in the weeks and months following their infection and see if they still are immune. And those studies will teach us about whether we, collectively, can develop herd immunity to Covid-19.Zoonotic disease — A illness that can pass between animals and humans. Covid-19 is a zoonotic disease. It’s believed SARS-CoV-2 comes from bats. HIV, Ebola, Zika virus, and even measles (which jumped from cows to humans a very long time ago) are all believed to have originated in animals, in some form, before spreading to humans.R0 — Pronounced r-nought, R0 is the statistic that describes how contagious a disease is. “The figure refers to how many other people one sick person is likely to infect on average in a group that’s susceptible to the disease (meaning they don’t already have immunity from a vaccine or from fighting off the disease before),” Vox’s Julia Belluz explains. An R0 of 2, for example, means each infected person is expected to spread the virus to two others. The exact R0 for Covid-19 is still being determined, but it’s currently believed to be between 2 and 2.5.Confirmed cases — The number of Covid-19 cases that have been confirmed by diagnostic testing. Due to a shortage of tests, the actual number of cases that exist is likely much higher.Case fatality rate (CFR) — The death rate. This figure explains what percentage of Covid-19 cases are fatal. It varies by country and age group, and the final figure will depend on figuring out the true number of cases (which is hard to estimate without widespread testing).Modes of transmission — How a virus spreads from one person to another. Scientists are still working out how exactly this virus spreads. The main mode of transmission appears to be via droplets. These are bits of virus-laden fluid a person spews out when they cough or sneeze. Researchers are still working out the conditions under which the virus can be airborne, meaning how long viral particles can linger in the air under some environmental conditions. It’s also possible that the virus can spread via the fecal-oral route, meaning the virus can be transmitted through feces, which can then contaminate water or food if good hygiene is lacking.Public health measures. Social distancing — A slew of tactics meant to keep people from congregating, with the goal of keeping people 6 feet apart from one another. Six feet of distance helps keep droplets from an infected person’s nose or mouth from hitting another person. These tactics include canceling schools, public events, closing down restaurants, and banning events of 10 or more people.Quarantine — Restricting the movement of, or isolating, people who might have been exposed to an infection but who aren’t yet sick. Usually, quarantine restricts a person’s movement to their home.Isolation — Separating people with confirmed or probable infections from other healthy people, so that they can get better without infecting anyone else. One member of a household could be in isolation (perhaps in a designated room that others do not enter), while the other members of the household are in quarantine (free to move around the home but not enter the isolation area).Lockdown — “The term ‘lock-down’ isn’t a technical term used by public health officials or lawyers,” Lindsay Wiley, a health law professor at the Washington College of Law, explained in an email. “It could be used to refer to anything from mandatory geographic quarantine (which would probably be unconstitutional under most scenarios in the US), to non-mandatory recommendations to shelter in place (which are totally legal and can be issued by health officials at the federal, state, or local level), to anything in between (e.g. ordering certain events or types of businesses to close, which is generally constitutional if deemed necessary to stop the spread of disease based on available evidence).”Cordon sanitaire — The restriction of movement in and out of a region or city. China imposed one on the city of Wuhan during the early days of the outbreak.Shelter in place — An order requesting people stay at home, except for trips to the grocery store, pharmacies, and other essential errands. Each state or city might define “shelter in place” slightly differently. (Like “lockdown,” this term can refer to a variety of guidelines.) Each local government could also enforce these orders differently — from just asking citizens to do it on a volunteer basis to enforcing orders with police citations. The important thing is to check with your local authority for details on what is allowed, and what is not, when the local government tells you to shelter in place. Some cities, like Washington, DC, are not using this term but are instead telling people to “stay home.” It’s effectively the same thing.Medical equipment and pharmaceuticalsVentilator — A machine that moves air in and out of the lungs in the case that a patient cannot, or is having trouble breathing on their own.PPE — Personal protective equipment, such as masks, gloves, face shields, and other gear that keeps health care workers from catching an infection.Respirator — A face mask that seals around the mouth and filters out particles from the air before they are breathed in. An N95 respirator, for example, filters out “95 percent of very small (0.3 micron) test particles,” the Food and Drug Administration explains. Doctors, nurses, and hospital workers are facing shortages of this essential protective facewear.Surgical mask or face mask — These are loose-fitting masks that don’t filter out as many particles as a respirator. But they do stop a wearer from spreading droplets of contagion when they sneeze or cough. They’re also helpful in preventing a wearer from touching their face with dirty hands.Chloroquine or hydroxychloroquine — Antimalarial drugs hyped by President Trump (despite weak evidence) as being potentially useful in treating Covid-19. Clinical trials of these drugs are underway, but early evidence is still not clear they prove useful. These aren’t the only drugs currently being tested to treat Covid-19: Doctors are also testing antiviral medication and some HIV drugs. These drugs are also used to treat arthritis and lupus, as they also have anti-inflammatory properties.Fever — Generally, a fever is when the body temperature exceeds 100.4°F, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). But there is some variability here. Human bodies tend to be coldest when we wake up. So a 100.4-degree fever in the morning might grow a little hotter throughout the day. Some people also run a little hotter or colder than others. The CDC advises “fever may be considered to be present if a person has not had a temperature measurement but feels warm to the touch, or gives a history of feeling feverish.”Pneumonia — When the small air sacs of the lungs (alveoli, the structures where gases from the atmosphere are exchanged with the blood) become inflamed and fill up with fluid. It’s a possible symptom of Covid-19.Reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) — A technology used for Covid-19 diagnostic testing. It looks for the virus’s genetic signature.Serological tests — A diagnostic test that looks for antibodies (a blood protein built to help fight off a specific virus or pathogen), could tell if someone has ever been infected with Covid-19, and could suggest they are possibly immune. These tests are still being developed for Covid-19.Vaccine — A formulation to stimulate the immune system to produce antibodies for a pathogen in the hope of providing immunity to that pathogen. Vaccines for SARS-CoV-2 are being tested, but it could be a year or more before they are approved. A safe and effective vaccine can stop this pandemic in its tracks.Therapeutics — Drugs that lessen the severity of disease symptoms. The World Health Organization is currently facilitating a multinational clinical trial, testing medicines — and combinations of medicines — to treat Covid-19. Therapeutics won’t necessarily stop the outbreak, though. They may keep people from getting severely sick or dying. Even with therapeutics, the virus could still spread, infecting millions.|1
On April 14, 2020, a Chinese official announced at a press conference that indications of three patent herbal drugs were approved to be expanded to include COVID-19 symptoms. This included Lianhuaqingwen capsules and Jinhuaqinggan granules for mild conditions, and Xuebijing (injectable) for severe conditions.These drugs are widely used to treat COVID-19 in China. The official claimed the patent herbal drugs can effectively relieve symptoms, such as fever, cough, and fatigue, and reduce the probability of patients developing severe conditions, but without giving further details. So far, no high-quality, rigorously peer-reviewed clinical trials of herbal drugs have been reported in internationally recognised journals. The approvals, based on in-vitro investigations and anecdotal clinical data, will probably lead to several worrisome consequences.First, safety is the top priority. Advocates argue that herbal drugs are widely used and safe, but the truth is that all drugs carry risks. In the 1990s, Vanherweghem and colleagues reported that some women who followed a slimming herbal remedy developed rapidly progressive renal failure and urothelial carcinoma. Further investigations highlighted the role of aristolochic acid, a compound found in many traditional herbs. Certain batches of an injectable herbal drug called Xiyanping, which is recommended by the Chinese Diagnosis and Treatment Protocol of COVID-19, have already been recalled after reports of adverse effects.Although these patent herbal drugs have been used clinically for several years, when we apply them to a novel disease like COVID-19, especially in combination with other antivirals, antibiotics, and immune suppressants, the safety should be cautiously evaluated.Second, more evidence is required through controlled clinical trials to support the efficacy of these herbal drugs. Many traditional medicine practitioners believe that herbal remedies cannot be tested because they are tailored to each individual's syndromes. This argument is simply not convincing. Because the patent herbal drugs are produced in advance of any treatment and their composition is fixed, clinical endpoints including mortality, time to clinical improvement, and number of days in an intensive care unit can be used to evaluate the efficacy of the herbal drugs for COVID-19. Standardised trials might have methodological challenges, consuming time and effort, but that should not be the reason for lowering safety and efficacy standards. Thousands of years of usage and faith cannot be taken as evidence for efficacy of traditional herbs.Third, the basic molecular mechanism is obscure. Lianhuaqingwen capsules have been shown to have wide-spectrum antiviral effects and anti-inflammatory activities, but the active ingredients and the underlying mechanism of action are unknown. Herbal drugs usually contain many active ingredients, and it is important to better understand which ingredients are functional, and how they work. Limited experimental cell cultures and animal studies cannot guarantee safety and efficacy.Finally, the public can easily purchase herbal drugs without a doctor's prescription. Driven by the claim that some patent herbal drugs can effectively treat COVID-19, some patients with flu symptoms who fear quarantine measures are likely to self-medicate with herbal remedies and avoid going to hospital, thus delaying the proper diagnosis and treatment of the disease, and hampering the government's testing, tracing, and quarantining efforts. At the end of January, 2020, rumours circulating on social media suggested that a patent herbal drug called Shuanghuanglian, which contains honeysuckle and forsythia and is used routinely in traditional medicine to treat influenza and the common cold, helps ward off or even cure COVID-19. Millions of people nationwide crowded into drug stores to buy the herbal drug as a just-in-case remedy.The current COVID-19 pandemic is an unprecedented challenge for the Chinese Government and the general public. Doctors and researchers are desperately seeking a proven cure for it. When the conventional drugs such as lopinavir, ritonavir, chloroquine, and hydroxychloroquine are not as effective as expected,8,  9 screening potential active components from traditional herbal medicine is a viable strategy that should not be dismissed. My colleagues and I have previously called for more attention to testing traditional herbal medicine for the treatment of COVID-19,10 but a rushed judgment without sufficient scientific evidence should be cautioned against.Given the formidable morbidity and mortality of COVID-19, it is understandable to see emergency use of unproven drugs, but the approval of a new indication for herbal drugs should still build on evidence. In the past decades, the Chinese Government has invested huge sums of money to promote the modernisation and standardisation of traditional medicine, carrying out sustainable basic and clinical research to get international recognition, but the rushed approval seems to be a backward step. The attempt to develop rigorously tested drugs from traditional herbal medicine should not be given up. It is the only way to protect our vulnerable patients.|1
You can catch COVID-19, no matter how sunny or hot the weather is. Countries with hot weather have reported cases of COVID-19. To protect yourself, make sure you clean your hands frequently and thoroughly and avoid touching your eyes, mouth, and nose.|1
President Trump just announced that the ‘biological’ lab in Wuhan where the COVID-19 virus was created was ‘funded’ by President Barak (sp) Hussein Obama in 2015 to the tune of $3,800,000 American dollars! This fact directly links Obama to all 150,000 deaths around the world!|0
Unlike SARS and swine flu, the novel coronavirus is both highly contagious and especially deadly, CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta said.“SARS was also a coronavirus, and it was a new virus at the time,” Gupta said. “In the end, we know that SARS ended up infecting 8,000 people around the world and causing around 800 deaths. So very high fatality rate, but it didn’t turn out to be very contagious.”The swine flu, or H1N1, “was very contagious and infected some 60 million people in the United States alone within a year,” Gupta said. “But it was far less lethal than the flu even — like 1/3 as lethal as the flu.”What makes the novel coronavirus different is that “this is both very contagious … and it appears to be far more lethal than the flu as well,” Gupta said. “So both those things, in combination I think, are why we’re taking this so seriously.”|1
The Coronavirus outbreak in China now dominates worldwide news media outlets. Spiro Skouras released a video yesterday (Jan. 25, 2020) reporting on a 5 hour simulation that was conducted in October of 2019: Event 201. It was hosted by the Johns Hopkins Center for Health Security in partnership with the World Economic Forum and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. The simulation is eerily similar to what is happening right now with the Coronavirus outbreak. Will world health authorities now take action as is predicted in this simulation, and try to control the narrative of the outbreak by cutting off access to the Internet, or forcing social media companies to only allow the information they want the public to receive? Health Impact News is part of the independent alternative media, and sites like ours may soon be blocked from reporting on this emerging worldwide health crisis if this simulation is accurately predicting just how these events are about to unfold. The mainstream media watch-dogs have labeled Health Impact News as “Fake” news, even when we report on vaccine injuries and deaths using the government’s own data. See: In this report we take an inside look at Event 201, which took place in NYC on October 18 2019. Event 201 is a high-level pandemic exercise hosted by the Johns Hopkins Center for Health Security in partnership with the World Economic Forum and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. This is extremely fascinating because this pandemic simulation exercise of coronavirus took place about 6 weeks before the first illness from the coronavirus was actually reported in Wuhan China! That is one hell of a coincidence if you believe in that sort of thing. Another fascinating connection, is the fact that not only did the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation participate in and help set up the pandemic simulation of a coronavirus outbreak, but they just so happen to fund the group who owns the patent to the deadly coronavirus and are already working on a vaccine to solve the current crisis. Again an incredible coincidence. In this report you will see footage from inside the event as the members of the emergency epidemic board in this simulation, which consists of representatives from major banks, the UN, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, Johnson and Johnson, logistical powerhouses, the media as well as officials from China and America’s CDC just to name a few. This simulation also includes news reports that were fabricated just for this exercise, please keep that in mind because they are eerily similar to reports we are currently seeing regarding this real world coronavirus outbreak. Links:|0
New Zealand – the “land of the long white cloud” – has evolved into a police state overnight amid the fallout of Covid-19, with people now being encouraged to dob in fellow Kiwis who flout lockdown rules.While slow to apprehend Covid-19 initially and taking nonsensical measures such as banning travel from Iran while allowing travel from Italy unabated, the New Zealand government quickly changed tack and announced it was implementing a four-tier threat level to deal with the virus. It wasn’t long after this that the government gave New Zealanders a two-day period for everyone to tie up loose ends and prepare for what is essentially a nationwide lockdown (threat level four), which will continue for at least four weeks.As part of this, a state of emergency was declared last week which saw the powers-that-be activate emergency legislation. This current state of affairs enables New Zealand’s National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) to close or restrict access to roads or public places, regulate land, water and air traffic, and even evacuate and enter people’s premises, among other measures. The New Zealand police are responsible for maintaining law and order during the state of emergency, and have been given special powers to order any person to stop any activity that contributes to the emergency. As of today, the state of emergency has been extended by another seven days.So, what? I hear you ask. The Covid-19 crisis is an unprecedented situation which can lead to immense death and suffering, and has already begun undertaking that course of action in Italy, Iran, Spain and even in the US. Calling New Zealand’s response a descent into a “police state” is nothing more than a conspiracy theory, aimed at fueling and sparking more panic in an already panic-driven environment.Well, perhaps you might want to tell that Victoria University’s associate law professor, Dean Knight, who said that with so much discretionary power, there is a very real risk that the discretion could be used in an arbitrary and discriminatory manner. Or how about University of Otago law professor, Andrew Geddis, who has questioned the current state of affairs in two separate op-eds, warning that police can use “extreme and unprecedented” powers to constrain basic freedoms of movement guaranteed by the New Zealand Bill of Rights Act.We could say the same of Radio New Zealand contributor Catriona MacLenna, who penned an open letter to the country’s police with the aim of making it crystal clear that “New Zealand is a democracy,” “not a police state.”We might also want to tell that to journalist Damian Christie. Christie was in the process of delivering video equipment to a client’s business with a letter firmly in hand to prove that what he was doing was regarded as being part of an essential service, his client being a large food producer. Despite producing this letter (and having no discernible legal obligation to do so), a police officer who stopped him began to yell at him and flat-out ignored the letter, even though we had been told that if we provide such a letter, we won’t experience any issues. According to the officer, however, Christie should only have left his house to buy medical supplies.This is clearly untrue and, as Professor Geddis notes in his columns, has created much confusion about what we can and can’t do under the lockdown rules. I agree with Geddis that if there has been an instruction given to the police to apply these powers, then we need to see those instructions.On top of all of this, the government saw fit in the most Orwellian way possible to set up an online mechanism for locals to “dob in” other fellow Kiwis who were flouting the lockdown rules. Within an hour of it being launched, over-zealous New Zealanders crashed the website with over 4,200 reports lodged. Police have also arrested a number of people for breaching the lockdown rules. I expect this number to climb somewhat over the next three weeks.I don’t know how comfortable I am with a website where people can dob in other people without requiring any demonstrable evidence. I am also concerned as to what this precedent could achieve in the future. Perhaps the next lockdown won’t be because of Covid-19, but because of a different situation entirely. What if the next website is set up to dob in not flouters of the lockdown, but say, political dissidents?We are always naive in thinking that this type of activity can never occur in New Zealand, even when the Government Communications Security Bureau (GCSB) has been found to have spied on targets illegally; or that time the Snowden papers revealed that the GCSB was spying on the entire Pacific on a mass scale without the knowledge of its neighbors. How quickly New Zealanders seem to forget these facts, or perhaps simply turn a blind eye to them from the outset.The emergence of New Zealand’s police state apparatus comes at an interesting time. The Court of Appeal just ruled last week that New Zealanders have no constitutional right to bear arms, following a failed legal challenge by the “Kiwi Party.” While denying that right, the government has been quietly rolling out an extensive armed police patrol trial which saw units deployed 75 times a day in their first five weeks (what on Earth for?)Look, I get it. I take the Covid-19 crisis as seriously as the next person, and for that matter, the overarching principles of the lockdown requirements. But that doesn’t mean we shouldn’t question power and the abuse of that power, even during a national and global state of emergency.As Benjamin Franklin’s old adage goes: “Those who would give up essential liberty, to purchase a little temporary safety, deserve neither liberty nor safety.” And they’ll probably end up losing both.|0
On the evening of Saturday, April 18, 2020, the forty thousandth (40,000) “presumed COVID 19 death,” according to new CDC guidelines occurred. Where death only affects the few, the misinformation, withheld or suppressed data, the lies, the propaganda and censorship are making things worse. Thus, we turn to the format of a loose intelligence briefing as the infectious nature of propaganda has to be resisted and it is so very hard to resist. On the morning of Sunday, April 19, 2020 a propaganda blitzkrieg began, using Trump administration surrogates, claiming the deaths are really “fake people” and “empty hospitals.” We might call this “pandemic denial,” made dangerous as the pandemic, as of mid-late April 2020 is clearly in control and those claiming otherwise are knowingly lying for reasons we will make clear. Major medical centers across the US are at an average of 80% of capacity. Some are higher, much higher. In some areas temporary hospitals are being used but more often non-COVID patients are being “turfed” to rural medical centers where their needs may not be properly addressed. As with any emergency, the first victim is truth. Social media lends itself toward sensationalism and can attract those with victimization fantasies. Thus, only information from known sources is accepted and nothing from mainstream or social media can be trusted. The situation in American hospitals, not all but more than the public would imagine, is grave. Currently, PPE (Personal Protective Equipment) is in good supply with the exception of N95 masks and that situation is rapidly improving. Availability of ventilators in the US is currently very good, thanks to individuals like Elon Musk, the governments of Russia and China and many charitable organizations that have gone to great efforts. By “very good” we are speaking of supplies as predictive modeling indicates. One of the problems, however, is that the predictive models are predicated on assumptions not in evidence and are failing. This critical failure, and the cloak of secrecy around it, has given rise to the lunacy and subterfuge we are seeing in Washington. Part of that failure is at hospital level. To clarify, the issue is getting patents off ventilators. Nearly half of those on ventilators now are at or above 10 days and face a poor outcome. Claims that half may die are low. Most or all will die unless a late stage treatment protocol is developed in time. This is a life and death race and we are losing. Moreover, many patients who are never intubated but stay on cannula for oxygen, as we are told was the case with Boris Johnson, seem to recover then quickly succumb for no apparent reason. Johnson likely received Remdesivir, which has been denied other NHS patients. If so, the political fallout for Johnson, whose policies left the NHS grossly unprepared for the COVID 19 pandemic, will and should be catastrophic. The biggest morbidity factors are the following: Age (60 plus) Obesity. Smoking. Diabetes. Any other cardiopulmonary issues. The glaring question of irregular morbidity figures must be addressed. This is what we have learned: The healthcare systems of Italy and Spain were very much “not as represented.” Claims that the hospitals of Northern Italy, in particular, are among the “best in the world” is patently false. Were it not for Russian and Chinese aid, both Italy and Spain would have collapsed. Standards of care considered “normal” in Britain, France, Belgium, Spain and Italy rate at or below the worst in the US. That said, with massive medical infrastructure, the US was blindsided as well. Twenty percent of COVID 19 victims are healthcare professionals. Past that, vital support personnel for health care are primarily African American or Hispanic.This has given rise to issues of specific genetic vulnerabilities which are likely at this point overemphasized. Households with healthcare and support workers most often have one or more adults working away from home, often in areas of very high exposure.Past this we look at Iran, hard hit early on. If figures are to be believed, Iran peaked on March 29, 2020 and is showing a steady decline in new patients barring a second wave. Iran’s testing program has been more aggressive than most and if these figures are reliable, they offer some hope to nations, unlike the United States, that took the threat seriously.The material offered here is an intelligence briefing on a vital situation. The US government is keeping secret, even from state governors, the real situation with the COVID 19 pandemic, as a first wave, ending many lockdowns, by May 1, 2020 is planned. There is nothing worse than an election year in the United States, nothing worse except, maybe, an election year with a nation fully engaged in not just a pandemic but economic collapse as well. Never has the very real threat of extremism and totalitarianism been this close for the United States. We will be addressing this issue, the failure of governance but also the “elephant in the room,” how the lockdowns themselves are a panacea. Our models are failing, based on mixed data on acquired immunity.  We have had several reports this week that reinfection rates are high, particularly from South Korea. By the first week of February, the US had reached one of two scenarios, that could have only been mitigated by a quick vaccine, not possible, and assumptions on immunity that were not evidence based: Where a 10 lockdown would have applied on February 1, a two-month lockdown from mid-March to mid-May is likely to lead to waves of reinfection, through September.  Lockdown beyond that would do nothing and economic factors dictate opening up, taking the extinction level hit, to an unimaged level.This scenario advocates a May 1 end to lockdown, if continued reliable reinfection reports come in, which is likely to give us a “wash through” lasting until February 2021. Option 2 is most likely and may well be inexorable, a “wash through” combined with waves of reinfection.  New treatment protocols, and there few showing promise, would be the priority.  Generally, Hydroxychloroquine/Chloroquine is facing a dim future.  Side effects are devastating, and effectiveness has, thus far, been in only moderate cases and anecdotal. Convalescent serum is at an experimental stage and weeks from deployment. Initial tests show it to be useful in a percentage of cases with the following caveat, patients thus far either improve quickly or die of a reaction to the serum. This information is being withheld. We have promising antivirals, but these have only been used in non-defining test situations that, out of humanitarian concerns, do not have a double-blind. We are hopeful. Saying we have reached an ‘end of the world as we know it’ has both good and bad connotations.  Large military forces are no longer in the cards for the major powers.  It has been proven how easy it is to take a ship at sea down. There are so many ways to target infections to diminish military capability, there is now a weapon that makes any state a major player again, and the US is entirely to blame with their massive biological weapon research program.  You see, the US allowed the program to filter into the universities for ‘cover” as numerous treaties are being violated.  Every president since and including Clinton has a hand in this. Bush 41 tried to stop this and this and other reasons were why his presidency was ended, a story that will never be told.  Bush learned early about the planning of 9/11 and watched Clinton increasingly lose control of the reins as right wing extremist elements in Washington partnered with rogue elements in the Pentagon, CIA and the criminal elites of the former Soviet Union, soon to make up the core of the Kosher Nostra crime syndicate. Trump’s handling of this issue, if one is to assume his blunder was unintended, is the single biggest failure of governance in American history. While covering his tracks, working with organized crime to foster internal rebellion, wrongly targeting China and continually diminishing the presidency, a wave of damage that may eventually be more costly than the pandemic itself has been fomented. Oil will never be the same.  Fracking will never be profitable, current pipelines and refineries under construction are now useless as are those built in recent years, many at incredible cost to the environment. Russia’s moves into the Arctic are now likely to be curtailed. A good example will be Norway.  Their GDP for the next 48 months, even without a permanent market contraction, will be down by 15% with exports down 40% or a bit more. They will move from a social welfare state with a very high standard of living to a debtor nation in less than 5 years. This is a best-case scenario for the wealthiest of nations. Saudi Arabia is entering uncharted waters.  Clearly, Saudi Arabia and the UAE will end their issues with Iran. From Press TV: “A Saudi whistleblower has said that the number of Saudi royals infected with the coronavirus (COVID-19) has “exceedingly surpassed” figures previously revealed by a New York Times report. The Saudi al-Ahd al-Jadid Twitter account made the revelations on Friday, more than a week after the NYT report said as many as 150 Saudi royals had contracted the virus. The report at the time said that over 500 beds were being prepared at the elite King Faisal Specialist Hospital that treats members of the Saudi family. On Friday, however, al-Ahd al-Jadid, which is known for whistleblowing on high-profile cases within the Saudi court, revealed that the Saudi hospital reserved for the royals in the Red Sea port city of Jeddah had been overwhelmed with coronavirus cases. “The Jeddah specialist hospital, which is reserved for Saudi royals, is no longer capable of accepting new cases,” the Twitter account said. “Therefore, two hotels have been reserved to be fully used for accommodating and curing infected royals,” it added, naming one of the hotels as being the “Movenpick Hotel”. As of 1400 GMT on Friday, more than 7,142 confirmed coronavirus cases were reported in the kingdom, with 87 deaths, according to a Reuters tally. Another Saudi whistleblower, Mujtahid, however, has cast doubt on official figures, arguing that the situation throughout the kingdom is much more critical. The reports of the COVID-19 disease spreading among royals come as the Saudi family is embroiled in a bitter power struggle between Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman and his potential rivals, according to reports.” Nations like Iraq have been, thus far, exceptionally effective in limiting the spread of the pandemic. Their last case was on April 16, 2020 and thus far register only 82 deaths with over 500 active patients. Turkey is reporting a possible downturn, as of April 14, with new cases peaking a few days earlier at around 4500 new cases a day. Turkey, however, has nearly 80,000 active patients and has been accused of significant underreporting. Russia’s COVID 19 surge began in April but cases are a small fraction of what the US is seeing with a mortality rate, based on official reports, half of that in the US.Conclusion. COVID 19, a disease that many experts weren’t expecting for a hundred thousand years, is a highly modified version of the Wuhan Horseshoe Bat Virus. It is not plausible that COVID 19 developed without a gene-splicing laboratory. The odds against such a disease developing naturally are astronomical yet we are continually informed of the opposite.In order to prepare this, front line medical personnel were interviewed, even interrogated to an extent, within parameters of required tenets of patient privacy laws. The truth, the horror of the truth, is worse than the dramatic twitter video. We are asking too much of far too few and this should never be allowed to happen again.We have turned medical personnel/first responders into “cannon fodder.”|0
the coronavirus was created as a biological weapon to destroy a country , and now humanity is paying for Trump's mistake|0
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) today confirmed the first case of 2019 Novel Coronavirus (2019-nCoV) in the United States in the state of Washington. The patient recently returned from Wuhan, China, where an outbreak of pneumonia caused by this novel coronavirus has been ongoing since December 2019. While originally thought to be spreading from animal-to-person, there are growing indications that limited person-to-person spread is happening. It’s unclear how easily this virus is spreading between people. The patient from Washington with confirmed 2019-nCoV infection returned to the United States from Wuhan on January 15, 2020. The patient sought care at a medical facility in the state of Washington, where the patient was treated for the illness. Based on the patient’s travel history and symptoms, healthcare professionals suspected this new coronavirus. A clinical specimen was collected and sent to CDC overnight, where laboratory testing yesterday confirmed the diagnosis via CDC’s Real time Reverse Transcription-Polymerase Chain Reaction (rRT-PCR) test. CDC has been proactively preparing for the introduction of 2019-nCoV in the United States for weeks, including: First alerting clinicians on January 8, 2020, to be on the look-out for patients with respiratory symptoms and a history of travel to Wuhan, China. Developing guidance for clinicians for testing and management of 2019-nCoV, as well as guidance for home care of patients with 2019-nCoV. Developing a diagnostic test to detect this virus in clinical specimens, accelerating the time it takes to detect infection. Currently, testing for this virus must take place at CDC, but in the coming days and weeks, CDC will share these tests with domestic and international partners. On January 17, 2020, CDC began implementing public health entry screening at San Francisco (SFO), New York (JFK), and Los Angeles (LAX) airports. This week CDC will add entry health screening at two more airports – Atlanta (ATL) and Chicago (ORD). CDC has activated its Emergency Operations Center to better provide ongoing support to the 2019-nCoV response. CDC is working closely with the state of Washington and local partners. A CDC team has been deployed to support the ongoing investigation in the state of Washington, including potentially tracing close contacts to determine if anyone else has become ill. Coronaviruses are a large family of viruses, some causing respiratory illness in people and others circulating among animals including camels, cats and bats. Rarely, animal coronaviruses can evolve and infect people and then spread between people, such as has been seen with Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) and Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS). When person-to-person spread has occurred with SARS and MERS, it is thought to happen via respiratory droplets with close contacts, similar to how influenza and other respiratory pathogens spread. The situation with regard to 2019-nCoV is still unclear. While severe illness, including illness resulting in several deaths, has been reported in China, other patients have had milder illness and been discharged. Symptoms associated with this virus have included fever, cough and trouble breathing.  The confirmation that some limited person-to-person spread with this virus is occurring in Asia raises the level of concern about this virus, but CDC continues to believe the risk of 2019-nCoV to the American public at large remains low at this time. This is a rapidly evolving situation. CDC will continue to update the public as circumstances warrant.|1
We now understand the Co-vid19 (Corona virus) is a battle of the immune system. It is an outright attack on those with a compromised immune system. The British government has even taken the extraordinary stance that it’s now down to the immune system of the entire population. But could our genetic code also make all the difference here? Looking at the data it certainly looks that way, so please read and share this information as we give further tips on how to survive this terrible  man-made virus.The novel Covid19 (Corona virus) is such an evil agenda. Depopulate the “drainers” on society like the elderly and immunocompromised, bring in the New World Order, 5G technology, digitize money and force through the Bio Patriot act for mandatory vaccinations world wide. But in amongst all this, there are ways to naturally treat this disease without risking your life on the imminent vaccines. The flu death rate is overall 0.1% and the CoVid 19 is 3.6% world-wide. That’s a huge difference. For Italy the death rate is far higher and running at 6.2%. They have more ICU beds per person than the US, so what could be the difference here? They say that within 14 days it is going to explode in the USA. Even though this virus was man-made and part of an evil agenda IT IS KILLING PEOPLE and we need to wake up. We really wish we could have stopped it. I know some of us in the so called “alternative” world tried. But our message gets crushed and any views outside of the mainstream dismissed as quackery and conspiracy theories. This has been carefully orchestrated and now it is here, the people want the vaccine, they want the magic pill that will make all this go away and of course that was all part of the plan.But as we have reported the vaccines could of course be worse than the virus itself, with trials on humans now starting.So as to try and avoid this evil agenda, we would like to share with you some tips on staying healthy, boosting your immune system and potentially, hopefully saving some lives as well.Panic and stress are also bad for the immune system. So get armed and stay well, knowledge is power. It’s time to take charge of your own health. Death rates. The morbid predictions as we see it right now, are these for any one of these groups most at risk:Cardiovascular disease – 10.5% chance of death. Diabetes – 7.3% chance of death. Chronic respiratory disease, cancer, or hypertension – 6% chance of death. Over 65 – 15% chance of death. Keep the elderly protected. It may sound mean, but this is a time for children to stay away from their grandparents. Many children are asymptomatic, that is they do not show symptoms, but are carriers. And so as yet another cruel twist to this evil virus is that children are unwittingly infecting their grandparents. So to lower the infection rates, the advice is for all children under the age of 9 to stay away from their grandparents for a while and not even be in the same homes of people over the age of 60. 15% of the elderly that have Covid in Italy are now dead. Italians and Iranians. We have personally spoken with MDs from Italy and Iran and the potentially link here is that Italians and Iranians share certain common genetic deformities. Of the 50+ cases that popped up with CoVid19 in Louisiana, most were in the New Orleans area and of Italian decent. So maybe we will only see large death rates in Chicago, New York, New Orleans, New Jersey and Las Vegas, where we have large Italian communities? So what is the shared genetic disorder? Well, it would seem that their IL-6 (Interleukin 6) and their ACE 2 genes seem to be impaired, is this the reason we are seeing such higher death rates in Italy and Iran? Tocilizumab and ACE2 inhibitors. For anyone of Italian and Iranian descent that are likely to be suffering from an interleukin 6 impairment, then we recommend you have a Interleukin 6 blood test. This test is mainly used to test for the presence of Interleukin 6 but it is also used additionally as a diagnostic tool in the early detection of several health issues. Some of these are. Autoimmune disorders. Leukemia. Sepsis. Diabetes. Cardiovascular diseases. Rheumatoid arthritis. Lupus. Many of which are the major watch out groups for the Coronavirus of course. If you test positive then you will need to take Actemra, also known as Tocolizumab* and ACE 2 inhibitors. Actemra (tocilizumab) reduces the effects of a substance in the body that can cause inflammation. Actemra is used to treat moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis in adults, as well as giant cell arteritis, or inflammation of the lining of your arteries (blood vessels that carry blood from your heart to other parts of your body). It has also been used to treat severe, or life-threatening cytokine release syndrome (CRS) caused by an overactive immune response to certain types of blood cell treatments for cancer. And so has been seen as potentially a break through in treating the Coronavirus. ACE 2 (Angiotensin Converting Enzyme) inhibitors. ACE inhibitors are a group of medicines that are mainly used to treat certain heart and kidney conditions; however, they may be used in the management of other conditions such as migraine and scleroderma.They block the production of angiotensin II, a substance that narrows blood vessels and releases hormones such as aldosterone and norepinephrine, by inhibiting an enzyme called angiotensin converting enzyme. Angiotensin II, aldosterone, and norepinephrine all increase blood pressure and urine production by the kidneys. If levels of these three substances decrease in the body, this allows blood vessels to relax and dilate (widen), reducing both blood and kidney pressure. ACE inhibitors also increase the production of bradykinin, another substance that makes blood vessels dilate. So could these 2 drugs that have been used for other treatments be a break through? It certainly looks promising. Vaccinated children. Another worrying factors is children who have been fully vaccinated could well be at risk. As this means their immune systems and DNA could well be altered due to this incredible load of toxins and DNA they have received via vaccines. We have met with a 6-year-old boy who is a neighbour, who has no history of illness, but is fully vaccinated. He had a cytokine storm, went into seizures and is now paralyzed and on life support with suspected CoVid19. This is a worrying factor that no one is talking about. As is well reported most of the people that get hospitalized are over 60, with their chance of death on average being around 15%. The others under 60 that are being hospitalized are usually diabetics, or suffering from cardiovascular disease. Also, even if you show no symptoms, reports from China (we have family, friends and colleagues there) are now stating that even some of the people that were asymptomatic are now seeing scars occur on their heart and lungs.Sodium Chlorite. One of the very first things we do with the sign of any developing virus is take Sodium Chlorite which you can get from Keavey’s corner. Full spectrum Cannabis oil. Is also very useful for the immune system to take full spectrum cannabis oil. Please also see this section for more on Cannabis oil. Vitamin C. As there are a lot of reports of High dose Vitamin C being a break through with CoVid, we want to also warn people that its important to choose the right type of Vitamin C and get your genetics tested, via a simple blood test before taking this route.Most of the molecular biologists we have spoken to are saying that Natural, organic, plant based vitamin C (ascorbate) is going to be the better way to treat the virus, than with synthetic GMO Ascorbic Acid. Remember Notrodamus did not eradicate the black death in Europe with ascorbic acid. He did it with rose hips and rose petals. High dose Vitamin C. Reports have stated that Vitamin C is being used to treat sufferers of the Coronavirus through IV. It’s no surprise of course that Vitamin C is being used, as we all know that in times of a cold or a flu, it is what we need. Numerous processes in your immune system require Vitamin C to function at their optimal levels. The powerful nutrient supports antibodies, white blood cells, and your body’s natural defence system against pathogens.Liposomal Vitamin C provides a powerful way to fortify the front lines of the immune system. The great news is that it’s surprisingly cheap & easy to make liposomal Vitamin C at home, which is 8 times more effective than I.V. As the most effective way we have found of obtaining a high dose of Vitamin C is to make it at home. It’s cheap and easy with the right few bits of kit (see below) you can order from Amazon to get started. Once you have these essential items you can make Liposomal Vitamin C for everyone and for a long time. So no need to rely on external sources, just make up a batch and keep it in your fridge. Each batch lasts about a week in the fridge. But first of all please also be aware of your genetics (see below). So what’s so good about Liposomal Vitamin C? Cardiologist and orthomolecular specialist Dr. Thomas Levy discovered exactly why the clinical results of this type of oral Vitamin C could increase the efficacy of vitamin C. Dr. Levy has treated thousands of patients with IV Vitamin C and is seriously involved with orthomolecular (high dose vitamin treatment) medicine. He came to realize that the combination of vitamin C and essential phospholipids radically improved cellular bioavailability. In other words, it delivers straight to the cells where it is needed most. Less than 20 percent of IV C actually makes it into the cells. But the Lypo-Spheric compound permits 90 percent of the Vitamin C to get into cells. That’s because cell walls are made of fats. Vitamin C is water soluble and so dissolves in the blood and in the journey to the cells, making it less effective.Tiny particles of Vitamin C coated with phospholipids create molecules of vitamin C coated with a substance similar to the cell wall itself. Thus those coated vitamin C molecules can slip into the cells easily. The encapsulation also avoids the diarrhoea thresholds of normal oral Vitamin C which makes it ineffective. Liposomal Vitamin C is also of course more accessible than IV C treatments. Meaning that you can make this at home without attending a clinic Liposomal Vitamin C can also help fight cancer. See this article for more How do I make Liposomal Vitamin C at home? You will need: An Ultrasonic cleaner Here is an example of the type you will need. A Non GMO Lecithin (such as this one) Non GMO plant based vitamin C. Not Ascorbic acid. Pure filtered water Instructions: Take one cup (250ml) of warm filtered water. 2 tablespoons of(30ml) of pure Vitamin C. Mix them together in a jug. Take 10.5 tablespoons of Lecithin in 2 cups of pure filtered water stir these together in a separate jug. Pour this into a blender and blend for 45-60 seconds. Now add the Vitamin C mix and blend it for another 45-60seconds on a high speed. Pour this mix into the Ultrasonic cleaner and set it for 8 minutes. Keep stirring it during this process. After 8 minutes the liposomal mix is now ready. You can store this in your refrigerator for a week. We recommend that you drink a glass of this everyday for a strong immune system boosting tonic. It has a strong eggnog taste that you get used to. It makes 900mg per ounce of Liposomal Vit C Important note: If you have active HFE H63D/C282Y/S65C and hereditary hemochromatosis, then do not take high dose vitamin C. If you are of African, or middle eastern descent, then please get your G6PD and whole blood quantitive and iron panel checked before and after taking any high dose Vitamin C, or any IVC treatment. They had a very deadly SNP (A single-nucleotide polymorphism) which is a variation in the DNA sequence that can occur at particular locations (pronounced “snips”) that means when given A, D E K and C in synthetic forms it causes major problems. Ascorbic acid is lethal to most people with certain G6PD SNPs, HFE H63D, C282Y and S65C. The problem is that they may be fine, but large doses of Vitamin C can cause it to epigenetically express. The HFE folks as long as they do not have cancer I also put them on benfotiamine. If you have cancer as well as HFE, then we recommend thiamine. If you have HFE, and your ferritin is under 1500 then we recommend low dose Benfotiamine one cup of stinging nettle and dandelion root infused in the same cup daily for a week and 16.9 ounces of water a day. In as little as one week sometimes 3 weeks all of their iron issues are resolved.  If ferritin is over 1500 I usually put them on a kettle of stinging nettle and dandelion and benfotiamine unless cancer thiamine and a litre of watt-ahh a day. Usually in less than a week it is resolved. For HFE’s a good mineral supplement nothing ionic because the tea is diuretic unless there are renal issues.For G6PD’s I also do the same but I DO NOT GIVE THEM VITAMIN B1. Most in G6PD deficiency have to do everything herbal. Safer C’s for HFE’s and G6PD’s are things like Amla, Camu and Rose petal and sometimes rose hips.  But they should not take the dose all at once. And if they are in an active flare they should be drinking watt-ahh or all they are going to do is waste the Vitamin C. Other ways we can protect ourselves against any virus. God gave us a perfectly capable immune system, so the best way to fight any of the external pathogens, including viruses, that we encounter on a daily basis (including the coronavirus), is by eating well, avoiding sugar and processed foods and getting as many nutrients inside us as possible. That includes drinking lots of water and getting Vitamin D from the sun. Staying indoors all the time will not help your immune system. We need daily exposure to the sun otherwise take Vitamin D with K2 supplements. It is our immune systems that keep us protected from all viruses, pathogens and toxins. If your immune system is depleted, then you are sure to get sick in some way or another. So let’s take care of it. Anyone with a healthy lifestyle, a clean diet and strong immune system should be well equipped to cope with any virus. But if you are concerned about your own immune system then please read MD Fermin’s informative and thought provoking article, stating that the medical world has much to gain from embracing Immunotherapy, such as Genuine GcMaf. We all have GcMAF in our bodies, as it is a naturally occurring protein. The likelihood is that if you are well and healthy, you have enough of it to fight off virus’s and pathogens. If on the other hand you are sick, or have been diagnosed with a serious condition, then your immune system is low and so your GcMAF is too. No sugar. Another important factor is to limit the consumption of carbohydrates and refined sugars which impair the oral absorption of vitamin C. Dr. John Ely, emeritus professor at the University of Washington, has also shown that sugar depletes vitamin C from white blood cells and makes them sluggish.White blood cells are the very cells that attack viruses and tumor cells and destroy them. Surgical masks are not enough. If you are travelling on a plane, or a train or going out in public then we recommend that you wear a gas mask. A surgical mask will not fully protect you from the viral particles. Kratom has some good news. Dr. Thamrin Usman, a professor of chemistry at Tanjungpura University in Indonesia, recently gave an interview about “the diversity of tropical plants in West Kalimantan (that) have a lot of compounds that can strengthen the immune system and ward off coronavirus.” And one of the plants he mentioned that’s definitely worth noting is mitragyna speciosa, more popularly known as kratom. This popular natural alternative to pain medications, which hails from the same plant family as coffee, contains a special compound known as chloroquine, or Cq, that research shows is powerfully combative against coronaviruses. There’s more than just one coronavirus in the world – just look at the label on a standard disinfectant spray bottle to see for yourself – and Cq could be a type of master key that protects against all of them. “By looking at the chemical structure of chloroquine molecules that contain secondary and tertiary amine compound structures, it can be considered to use kratom leaves because mitragynine compounds in kratom are actually secondary and tertiary amines,” Dr. Usman is quoted as saying. If you have trouble acquiring Kratom or Genuine GcMAF then, please get in touch with us  here. Other immune-boosting nutrients that Dr. Usman recommends in light of the Wuhan coronavirus (CoVid-19) crisis include vitamin C, which has a “warming” effect on the body in much the same way as ginger and other spices. He also points to virgin coconut oil as yet another powerful antiviral.” “This material has been proven to boost the body’s immune system,” he says about all of these natural remedies. According to Dr. Theron Hutton, MD, N-acetyl cysteine, selenium, spirulina, and high-dose glucosamine are all supplements of natural origin that have been scientifically shown to provide protection against RNA viruses like influenza and coronavirus. In a paper entitled, “Nutraceuticals have potential for boosting the type 1 interferon response to RNA viruses including influenza and coronavirus,” researchers from the Catalytic Longevity Foundation and the Mid America Heart Institute at St. Luke’s Hospital found that these and other herb extractions such as elderberry possess symptomatically beneficial properties that can help to mediate the impact of infections such as coronavirus, which is definitely worth considering.|0
To date there has been no information nor evidence to suggest that the new coronavirus could be transmitted by mosquitoes. The new coronavirus is a respiratory virus which spreads primarily through droplets generated when an infected person coughs or sneezes, or through droplets of saliva or discharge from the nose. To protect yourself, clean your hands frequently with an alcohol-based hand rub or wash them with soap and water. Also, avoid close contact with anyone who is coughing and sneezing.|1
Person-to-person spread. The virus is thought to spread mainly from person-to-person. Between people who are in close contact with one another (within about 6 feet). Through respiratory droplets produced when an infected person coughs, sneezes or talks. These droplets can land in the mouths or noses of people who are nearby or possibly be inhaled into the lungs. Some recent studies have suggested that COVID-19 may be spread by people who are not showing symptoms. Maintaining good social distance (about 6 feet) is very important in preventing the spread of COVID-19. Spread from contact with contaminated surfaces or objects. It may be possible that a person can get COVID-19 by touching a surface or object that has the virus on it and then touching their own mouth, nose, or possibly their eyes. This is not thought to be the main way the virus spreads, but we are still learning more about this virus. CDC recommends people practice frequent “hand hygiene,” which is either washing hands with soap or water or using an alcohol-based hand rub. CDC also recommends routine cleaning of frequently touched surfaces. How easily the virus spreads. How easily a virus spreads from person-to-person can vary. Some viruses are highly contagious, like measles, while other viruses do not spread as easily. Another factor is whether the spread is sustained, which means it goes from person-to-person without stopping. The virus that causes COVID-19 is spreading very easily and sustainably between people. Information from the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic suggest that this virus is spreading more efficiently than influenza, but not as efficiently as measles, which is highly contagious. COVID-19 is thought to spread mainly through close contact from person-to-person in respiratory droplets from someone who is infected. People who are infected often have symptoms of illness. Some people without symptoms may be able to spread virus.|1
The most common symptoms of COVID-19 are dry cough, tiredness and fever. Some people may develop more severe forms of the disease, such as pneumonia. The best way to confirm if you have  the virus producing COVID-19 disease is with a laboratory test.  You cannot confirm it with this breathing exercise, which can even be dangerous.|1
One of President Donald Trump’s top coronavirus task force advisers, Dr. Anthony Fauci, backed funding for controversial coronavirus research at the lab now believed to have created COVID-19.Just last year the organization Fauci heads — the  National Institute for Allergy and Infectious Diseases — “funded scientists at the Wuhan Institute of Virology and other institutions for work on gain-of-function research on bat coronaviruses,” Newsweek reported.The news magazine added: In 2019, with the backing of NIAID, the National Institutes of Health committed $3.7 million over six years for research that included some gain-of-function work. The program followed another $3.7 million, 5-year project for collecting and studying bat coronaviruses,which ended in 2019, bringing the total to $7.4 million.Many scientists have criticized gain of function research, which involves manipulating viruses in the lab to explore their potential for infecting humans, because it creates a risk of starting a pandemic from accidental release.SARS-CoV-2, which is the official name of the virus now sweeping the globe and killing tens of thousands of Americans, is thought to have originated in bats. In fact, after first claiming that the coronavirus had naturally evolved, U.S. intelligence officials now think that COVID-19 stemmed from an accidental leak at the lab in Wuhan city.At the same time, U.S. Army Gen. Mark Milley, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, has said that neither the Pentagon nor U.S. intelligence agencies believe the virus was manufactured because its genome sequence does not indicate that.“There’s a lot of rumor and speculation in a wide variety of media, blog sites, etc.,” Milley said last month. “It should be no surprise to you that we have taken a keen interest in that, and we have had a lot of intelligence take a hard look at that.”Fauci promoted the work, arguing that the research was worth a riskU.S. Sen. Tom Cotton (R-Ark.) was the first congressman to publicly suggest that the virus could have originated in a Chinese lab, though he was widely panned for it back in February.“We don’t know where it originated, and we have to get to the bottom of that,” he said in mid-April during an interview with Fox News. “We also know that just a few miles away from that food market is China’s only biosafety level 4 super laboratory that researches human infectious diseases.”As for Fauci, he did not respond to a request for comment from Newsweek. However, a statement from the National Institutes of Health (NIH) noted, in part: “Most emerging human viruses come from wildlife, and these represent a significant threat to public health and biosecurity in the US and globally, as demonstrated by the SARS epidemic of 2002-03, and the current COVID-19 pandemic…. scientific research indicates that there is no evidence that suggests the virus was created in a laboratory.” (Related: Nearly half of severe coronavirus cases involve neurological complications.)The NIH’s research into coronavirus consisted of two parts, Newsweek noted. The first portion began in 2014 and involved surveillance of bat coronaviruses with a budget of $3.7 million.That program funded Shi Zheng-Li, a Wuhan lab virologist, as well as other researchers who were investigating and cataloguing bat coronaviruses in the wild. This portion of the project was completed last year, the news magazine said.“A second phase of the project, beginning that year, included additional surveillance work but also gain-of-function research for the purpose of understanding how bat coronaviruses could mutate to attack humans,” Newsweek said. Roughly 10 years ago during a controversial gain-of-function research project on bird-flu viruses, Fauci promoted the work, arguing that the research was worth a risk because it involved scientists making preparations that could be helpful during a pandemic. |0
Doesn’t @BillGates finance research at the Wuhan lab where the Corona virus was being created? Isn’t @georgesoros a good friend of Gates?|0
Over the past three weeks, we’ve been sharing with you the great work Dr. Zelenko, a board-certified family practitioner in New York, has been doing in the treatment of COVID-19 patients in New York. In our last piece, Dr. Vladimir Zelenko treated 700 coronavirus patients treated with 99.9% success rate using Hydroxychloroquine, 1 outpatient died after not following protocol. In the meantime, more doctors are seeing success with hydroxychloroquine and Zinc Sulphate in treating coronavirus patients, according to one report from ABC News. 12 French doctors have also filed a petition calling on French Prime Minister and Minister of Health to urgently make hydroxychloroquine available in all French hospital pharmacies. Today, we have new and encouraging updates from Dr. Zelenko. In a one-hour video, Dr. Zelenko provides a detailed medical explanation about why his cocktail of Hydroxychloroquine Sulfate, Zinc and Azithromycin (not Z-Pak) works, and why the three-drug combination are really needed in killing coronavirus.Unlike the conventional method of admitting patients to the hospitals, Dr. Zelenko’s approach is to provide treatment to patients before their situation get worse so they don’t have to be admitted into the hospital. His approach has been so effective to the point that he has treated 900 coronavirus patients with 99.99% rate. His approach is to provide treatment to people so that they don’t have to be put on ventilators. His out-patient treatment regimen, which costs only $12, is as follows:Hydroxychloroquine 200mg twice a day for 5 days. Azithromycin 500mg once a day for 5 days. Zinc sulfate 220mg once a day for 5 days. In an open letter to medical professionals across the globe, Dr. Zelenko said this: “The rationale for my treatment plan is as follows. I combined the data available from China and South Korea with the recent study published from France (sites available on request). We know that hydroxychloroquine helps Zinc enter the cell. We know that Zinc slows viral replication within the cell. Regarding the use of azithromycin, I postulate it prevents secondary bacterial infections. These three drugs are well known and usually well tolerated, hence the risk to the patient is low.”In this new must watch video, Dr. Zelenko went on to explain that hydroxychloroquine helps zinc penetrate the cell (zinc decelerates viral replication in the cell). He stated that azithromycin combats secondary infections. Dr. Zelenko is surprised that many other doctors operate with a “peace time mentality.” Instead, he calls for bravery and mindset adjustment.|0
The new Coronavirus may not show signs of infection for many days. How can you know if you are infected? By the time you have fever and/or cough and go to the hospital, the lung is usually 50% fibrosis. Taiwan experts provide a simple self-check that we can do every morning: Take a deep breath and hold it for more than 10 seconds. If you do this successfully without coughing, without discomfort, stiffness or tightness, there is no fibrosis in the lungs; it basically indicates no infection. In critical times, please self-check every morning in an environment with clean air.|0
A study suggests that ultraviolet rays could slow the virus, though not enough to wipe it out, and not as a treatment.Will summertime slow the virus that causes Covid-19, as it has done with many other viruses that sow flu, colds and pneumonia? A new study finds that it may, though not enough to wipe out the pathogen or keep the pandemic from resurging in the fall.The study, done by ecological modelers at the University of Connecticut, understands the main natural weapon against the novel germ to be ultraviolet light — an invisible but energetic part of the sun’s electromagnetic spectrum that’s well-known for damaging DNA, killing viruses and turning healthy human skin cells into cancerous ones.“We found that ultraviolet light was most strongly associated with lower Covid-19 growth rates,” the scientists wrote in a publication that has not yet been peer reviewed and that went online late Wednesday. Projections of the overall effects, they continued, suggest that the disease “will decrease temporarily during summer, rebound by autumn, and peak next winter.” But they cautioned that uncertainty about the study’s projected outcomes “remains high.”Indeed, though the pandemic’s spread has varied widely among countries, it was spreading swiftly in some experiencing hot weather, including Australia and parts of Iran.The new ecological analysis suggests that balmy days might aid — though not by themselves accomplish — the goal of social-distancing measures advised by public health officials.Other groups have sought to see if seasonal change would affect the virus that has spawned a pandemic, infecting more than two million people worldwide. Early this month, a committee of the National Academy of Sciences looked exclusively at humidity and temperature and found that they would have a minimal impact on the virus. The panel’s assessment contradicted popular accounts.At the White House coronavirus task force briefing on Thursday evening, President Trump highlighted research at the Department of Homeland Security that found that sunlight and disinfectants — including bleach and alcohol — can kill the coronavirus on surfaces in as little as 30 seconds.“Supposing we hit the body with a tremendous — whether it’s ultraviolet or just very powerful light,” Mr. Trump said, speculating on a possible means to fight the virus.While such an idea is currently far from the realm of a safe treatment, life scientists have long been aware that the sun threatens the viability of many micro-organisms.“Sunlight kills most pathogenic microbes quite rapidly,” John Postgate, a British microbiologist, wrote two decades ago in the popular book “Microbes and Man,” published by Cambridge University Press. The lethality, he continued, is principally the result of “the ultraviolet component of solar radiation. Ultraviolet lamps can be used indoors to sterilize the air in operating theaters and pharmaceutical and microbiological laboratories. Even in diffuse daylight there is an appreciable amount of light of the effective wavelength.”During the pandemic, because of the shortage of protective equipment, some medical centers have been using ultraviolet light to decontaminate masks so they could be reused. A small industry that sells ultraviolet lamps as a germicide has arisen, but experts warn of their potential dangers for humans.Many nonscientists — including President Trump — have noted the seasonality of colds and flu and hoped the novel coronavirus would act likewise. Dr. Robert R. Redfield, director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, told National Public Radio last month that he, too, expected an ebb and flow of disease.“Most respiratory viruses have a seasonality to them,” he said. “It’s reasonable to hypothesize — we’ll have to wait and see — but I think many of us believe as we’re moving into the late spring, early summer season, you’re going to see the transmission decrease.” But in comments this week to The Washington Post, he also pointed to the likelihood that the coronavirus would continue to be a problem in the fall, when it would coincide with the start of a new flu season.Comparative studies of viruses suggest that, as a class, coronaviruses are especially vulnerable to ultraviolet light because of their relatively large genetic codes. “The more target molecules,” one study noted, “the more likely the genome will be damaged.”Even so, other aspects of sunlight’s effects may also play important roles in whether viruses can easily infect humans — a main one being its promotion of the synthesis of vitamin D, a nutrient that can strengthen the immune system and lower the risk of certain illnesses.The Connecticut scientists — Cory Merow and Mark C. Urban — titled their paper “Seasonality and Uncertainty in Covid-19 Growth Rates.” It was posted Wednesday on medRxiv, a preprint website for health scientists run by Yale University, the Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory on Long Island, and the company that publishes the British Medical Journal. The site notes that its preprints have not undergone peer review for accuracy and thus “should not be used to guide clinical practice.”Dr. Merow said that although the lethal effects of ultraviolet light on viruses are well-known, he and his colleague were surprised to find a seasonal drop evident on a global scale.Dr. Merow said he and his colleague had mined existing studies on how environmental and ecological factors correlate with virus infection rates and used them in ecological modeling of the global repercussions. Global data on temperatures, humidity, the penetration through the atmosphere of sunlight’s ultraviolet rays, population ages and densities, and Covid-19 infection counts were combined into a computer model that mapped out the seasonal trends, he said.Dr. Merow noted that the study’s range of uncertainty was considerable, such that, depending on the location within the United States, the chance of seeing no viral slowdown in the summer ranged from 20 percent to 40 percent.“There’s a lot of uncertainty,” he said of the reported seasonality.Even if coronavirus cases decline in the summer as his model projects, Dr. Merow said, social distancing and other health public measures would still be necessary.In some circumstances, Dr. Merow noted, summer days would offer no protection at all. For instance, window glass blocks ultraviolet rays. “If everybody sits next to one another on the bus and coughs,” he said, “ultraviolet light is not going to protect you.”|1
Rather than using the term super spreaders (a person who infects a large number of people), we should think of them as super spreading events. Maybe a person is at the right time of infection and at the mall. Typhoid Mary infected many people because she was a cook.Part of the reason we stopped SARS is that a lot of super spreading was happening in health care settings and when people really got their act together in terms of infection control and biocontainment, it nipped the epidemic in the bud.Super spreading events have the largest influence an outbreak’s trajectory early on. If there’s only a few cases and one person then infects 10 others, it can make it start strong. Once an epidemic gets going and has 100 to 200 cases or more, the “law of large numbers” takes over—and it stops mattering so much.|1
The virus enters your body via your eyes, nose and/or mouth, so it is important to avoid touching your face with unwashed hands.Washing of hands with soap and water for at least 20 seconds, or cleaning hands thoroughly with alcohol-based solutions, gels or tissues is recommended in all settings. It is also recommended to stay one metre or more away from people infected with COVID-19 who are showing symptoms, to reduce the risk of infection through respiratory droplets.|1
Technology developed by the Pentagon’s controversial research branch is getting a huge boost amid the current coronavirus crisis, with little attention going to the agency’s ulterior motives for developing said technologies, their potential for weaponization or their unintended consequences.In January, well before the coronavirus (Covid-19) crisis would result in lockdowns, quarantines and economic devastation in the United States and beyond, the U.S. intelligence community and the Pentagon were working with the National Security Council to create still-classified plans to respond to an imminent pandemic. It has since been alleged that the intelligence and military intelligence communities knew about a likely pandemic in the United States as early as last November, and potentially even before then.Given this foreknowledge and the numerous simulations conducted in the United States last year regarding global viral pandemic outbreaks, at least six of varying scope and size, it has often been asked – Why did the government not act or prepare if an imminent global pandemic and the shortcomings of any response to such an event were known? Though the answer to this question has frequently been written off as mere “incompetence” in mainstream media circles, it is worth entertaining the possibility that a crisis was allowed to unfold.Why would the intelligence community or another faction of the U.S. government knowingly allow a crisis such as this to occur? The answer is clear if one looks at history, as times of crisis have often been used by the U.S. government to implement policies that would normally be rejected by the American public, ranging from censorship of the press to mass surveillance networks. Though the government response to the September 11 attacks, like the Patriot Act, may be the most accessible example to many Americans, U.S. government efforts to limit the flow of “dangerous” journalism and surveil the population go back to as early as the First World War. Many of these policies, whether the Patriot Act after 9/11 or WWI-era civilian “spy” networks, did little if anything to protect the homeland, but instead led to increased surveillance and control that persisted long after the crisis that spurred them had ended.Using this history as a lens, it is possible to look at the current coronavirus crisis to see how the long-standing agendas of ever-expanding mass surveillance and media censorship are again getting a dramatic boost thanks to the chaos unleashed by the coronavirus pandemic. Yet, this crisis is unique because it also has given a boost to a newer yet complimentary agenda that — if fulfilled – would render most, if not all, other government efforts at controlling and subduing their populations obsolete.DARPA Dystopia. For years, the Pentagon’s Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) has remained largely out of sight and out of mind for most Americans, as their research projects are rarely covered by the mainstream media and, when they are, their projects are often praised as “bringing science fiction movies to life.” However, there have been recent events that have marred DARPA’s often positive portrayal by media outlets, which paint the agency as a beacon of scientific “progress” that has “changed the world” for the better.For instance, in 2018, a group of European scientists accused the DARPA’s “Insect Allies” program of actually being a dystopian bioweapons program that would see insects introduce genetically modified viruses into plants to attack and devastate a targeted nation’s food supply. DARPA, of course, maintained that its intent to use these insects to genetically modify plants was instead about “protecting” the food supply. Regardless of DARPA’s assertions that it is merely a “defensive” program, it should be clear to readers that such a technology could easily be used either way, depending on the wielder.Though DARPA’s futuristic weapons of war often get the most attention from media, the agency has longstanding interests in tinkering with, not just the biology of plants, but of humans. DARPA, which is funded to the tune of approximately $3 billion a year, has various avenues through which it pursues these ambitions, with many of those now under the purview of the agency’s “Biological Technologies Office” (BTO), created in 2014. As of late, some of DARPA’s human biology and biotech projects at its BTO have been getting a massive PR boost thanks to the current coronavirus crisis, with recent reports even claiming that the agency “might have created the best hopes for stopping Covid-19.”Most of these technologies garnering positive media coverage thanks to Covid-19 were developed several years ago. They include the DARPA-funded platforms used to produce DNA and RNA vaccines, classes of vaccine that has never been approved for human use in the U.S. and involve injecting foreign genetic material into the human body. Notably, it is this very class of vaccine, now being produced by DARPA-partnered companies, that billionaire and global health “philanthropist” Bill Gates recently asserted has him “most excited” relative to other Covid-19 vaccine candidates. Yet, key aspects regarding these vaccines and other DARPA “healthcare” initiatives have been left out of these recent positive reports, likely because they provide a window into what is arguably the agency’s darkest agenda.In 2006, DARPA announced its Predicting Health and Disease (PHD) program, which sought to determine “whether an individual will develop an infectious disease prior to the onset of symptoms.” The PHD program planned to accomplish this by “identifying changes in the baseline state of human health through frequent surveillance” with a specific focus on “viral, upper respiratory pathogens.”Three years later, in 2010, DARPA-funded researchers at Duke University created the foundation for this tool, which would use the genetic analysis of blood samples to determine if someone is infected with a virus before they show symptoms. Reports at the time claimed that these “preemptive diagnoses” would be transmitted to “a national, web-based influenza map” available via smartphone.Following the creation of DARPA’s BTO in 2014, this particular program gave rise to the “In Vivo Nanoplatforms (IVN)” program. The diagnostics branch of that program, abbreviated as IVN:Dx, “investigates technologies that incorporate implantable nanoplatforms composed of bio-compatible, nontoxic materials; in vivo sensing of small and large molecules of biological interest; multiplexed detection of analytes at clinically relevant concentrations; and external interrogation of the nanoplatforms without using implanted electronics for communication.” Past reports on the program describe it as developing “classes of nanoparticles to sense and treat illness, disease, and infection on the inside. The tech involves implantable nanoparticles which sense specific molecules of biological interest.”DARPA’s IVN program has since helped to finance and produce “soft, flexible hydrogels that are injected just beneath the skin to perform [health] monitoring and that sync to a smartphone app to give the use immediate health insights,” a product currently marketed and created by the DARPA-funded and National Institutes of Health (NIH)-funded company Profusa. Profusa, which has received millions upon millions from DARPA in recent years, asserts that the information generated by their injectable biosensor would be “securely shared” and accessible to “individuals, physicians and public health practitioners.” However, the current push for a national “contact tracing” system based on citizens’ private health data is likely to expand that data sharing, conveniently fitting with DARPA’s years-old goal of creating a national, web-based database of preemptive diagnoses.Profusa is also backed by Google, which is intimately involved in these new mass surveillance “contact tracing” initiatives, and counts former Senate majority leader William Frist among its board members. They are also partnered with the National Institutes of Health (NIH)The company also has considerable overlap with the diagnostic company Cepheid, which recently won FDA approval for its rapid coronavirus test and was previously awarded lucrative government contracts to detect anthrax in the U.S. postal system. As of this past March, Profusa again won DARPA funding to determine if their injectable biosensors can predict future pandemics, including the now widely predicted “second wave” of Covid-19, and detect those infected up to three weeks before they would otherwise show symptoms. The company expects to have its biosensors FDA licensed for this purpose by early next year, about the same time a coronavirus vaccine is expected to be available to the general public.“Living Foundries”. Another long-standing DARPA program, now overseen by BTO, is known as “Living Foundries.” According to DARPA’s website, Living Foundries “aims to enable adaptable, scalable, and on-demand production of [synthetic] molecules by programming the fundamental metabolic processes of biological systems to generate a vast number of complex molecules that are not otherwise accessible. Through Living Foundries, DARPA is transforming synthetic biomanufacturing into a predictable engineering practice supportive of a broad range of national security objectives.”The types of research this “Living Foundries” program supports involves the creation of “artificial life” including the creation of artificial genetic material, including artificial chromosomes, the creation of “entirely new organisms,” and using artificial genetic material to “add new capacities” to human beings (i.e. genetically modifying humans through the insertion of synthetically-created genetic material).The latter is of particular concern (though all are honestly concerning), as DARPA also has a project called “Advanced Tools for Mammalian Genome Engineering,” which – despite having “mammalian” in the name – is focused specifically on improving “the utility of Human Artificial Chromosomes (HACs),” which DARPA describes as a “fundamental tool in the development of advanced therapeutics, vaccines, and cellular diagnostics.” Though research papers often focus on HACs as a revolutionary medical advancement, they are also frequently promoted as a means of “enhancing” humans by imbuing them with non-natural characteristics, including halting aging or improving cognition.DARPA is known to be involved in research where these methods are used to create “super soldiers” that no longer require sleep or regular meals, among other augmented “features,” and has another program about creating “metabolically dominant” fighters. Reports on these programs also discuss the other, very disconcerting use of these same technologies, “genetic weapons” that would “subvert DNA” and “undermine people’s minds and bodies.”Another potential application being actively investigated by DARPA is its BioDesign program, which is examining the creation of synthetic organisms that are created to be immortal and programmed with a “kill switch” allowing a synthetic, yet organic organism to be “turned off” at any time. This has led some to speculate such research could open the doors to the creation of “human replicants” used for fighting wars and other tasks, such as those that appear in the science fiction film Bladerunner.However, these genetic “kill switches” could also be inserted into actual humans through artificial chromosomes, which – just as they have the potential to extend life – also have the potential to cut it short. Notably, it was revealed in 2017 that DARPA had invested $100 million in “gene drive” research, which is involves the use of genetic modification to wipe out entire populations, explaining why it it often referred to as a “genetic extinction” technology.In addition, other DARPA experiments involve the use of genetically modified viruses that insert genetic material into human cells, specifically neurons in the brain, in order to “tweak” human brain chemistry. In one example, DARPA-funded research has altered human brain cells to produce two new proteins, the first allowing neural activity to be easily detected by external devices and the second allowing “magnetic nanoparticles” to “induce an image or sound in the patient’s mind.”“Next-Generation Nonsurgical Neurotechnology”. Changing human brain chemistry and functionality at the cellular level is only one of numerous DARPA initiatives aimed at changing how human beings think and perceive reality. Since 2002, DARPA has acknowledged its efforts to create a “Brain-Machine Interface (BMI).” Though first aimed at creating “a wireless brain modem for a freely moving rat,” which would allow the animal’s movements to be remotely controlled, DARPA wasn’t shy about the eventual goal of applying such brain “enhancement” to humans in order to enable soldiers to “communicate by thought alone” or remotely control human beings (on the enemy side only, so they say) for the purposes of war.The project, which has advanced greatly in recent years, has long raised major concerns among prominent defense scientists, some of whom warned in a 2008 report that “remote guidance or control of a human being” could quickly backfire were an adversary to gain access to the implanted technology (opening up the possibility of “hacking” a person’s brain), and they also raised concerns about the general ethical perils of such technologies. Work began in 2011 on developing “brain implants” for use in human soldiers, officially with the goal of treating neurological damage in veterans, and such implants have been tested on human volunteers in DARPA-funded experiments since at least 2015.Concerns, like those raised by those defense scientists in 2008, have been regularly dismissed by DARPA, which has consistently claimed that its controversial research projects are tempered by their in-house “ethical experts.” However, it worth noting how DARPA’s leadership views these ethical conundrums, since they ultimately have the last word. For example, in 2015, Michael Goldblatt, then-director of DARPA’s Defense Sciences Office (DSO), which oversees most aspects of the agency’s “super soldier” program, told journalist Annie Jacobsen that he saw no difference between “having a chip in your brain that could help control your thoughts” and “a cochlear implant that helps the deaf hear.” When pressed about the unintended consequences of such technology, Goldblatt stated that “there are unintended consequences for everything.”Thus, it is worth pointing out that, while DARPA-developed technologies – from human genetic engineering to the brain-machine interfaces – are often first promoted as something that will revolutionize and improve human health, DARPA sees the use of these technologies for such ends as being on the same footing as other dystopian and frankly nightmarish applications, like thought control. BMIs are no exception, having first been promoted as a way to “boost bodily functions of veterans with neural damage or post-traumatic stress disorder” and to allow amputees to control advanced prosthetics. While these do indeed represent major medical advances, DARPA’s leadership has made it clear that they see no distinction between the medical use of BMIs and using them to exert near total control over a human being by “guiding” their thoughts and even their movements.Such stark admission from DARPA’s leadership makes it worth exploring the state of these current “brain-machine” interface programs as well as their explicit goals. For instance, one of the goals of DARPA’s Next-Generation Nonsurgical Neurotechnology (N3) program involves using “noninvasive or minimally invasive brain-computer interfaces” to “read and write” directly onto the brain.According to one recent report on DARPA’s N3 program, one example of “minimally invasive” technologies would involve:|0
The International Ultraviolet Association and RadTech North America, two industry groups made up of equipment vendors, scientists, engineers and medical professionals who deal with ultraviolet light, discouraged the exposure of parts of the body to ultraviolet light as a disinfectant against coronavirus. “We would like to inform the public that there are no protocols to advise or permit the safe use of UV light directly on the human body at the wavelengths and exposures proven to efficiently kill viruses such as SARS-CoV-2,” a joint news release stated. Trump on April 24 said the comment was meant to be sarcastic and referred to the use of disinfectant on the hands. The White House issued a statement that day blaming media for quoting him out of context. Ultraviolet light as a disinfectant.Ultraviolet light has been used for disinfection for more than 100 years, according to the International Ultraviolet Association.The association's website explains ultraviolet light can be broken up into four categories: UV-A, UV-B, UV-C and vacuum-UV. Each category includes a specific range of wavelengths.UV-A and UV-B are found in sunlight and can cause sunburns or, eventually, melanoma. They are also at times used for disinfection.UV-C, a lower and more powerful wavelength of ultraviolet light than found in sunlight, is commonly used for disinfection in water treatment facilities, surfaces and in hospital settings. It's effective because the radiation inactivates cells from reproducing. So far, no microorganisms have shown immunity to UV exposure."For years, we've used UV on air and surfaces and on hospital rooms, with no humans in the room," Jim Malley, an ultraviolet light expert and professor of civil and environmental engineering at the University of New Hampshire, told USA TODAY. "We protect ourselves in the laboratory with face shields and gloves to keep the UV away from our eyes and our skin." There are also contexts in which controlled ultraviolet light is used as a medical treatment. For example, the American Cancer Society's website explains that doctors may use fluorescent lamps to administer carefully controlled UV-A and UV-B treatments for those with skin lymphoma. What is ultraviolet blood irradiation?.The use of ultraviolet light to "treat" blood as a cure for various ailments has been around for years. Known as ultraviolet blood irradiation, or "BioPhonic Therapy," it has not gained widespread acceptance. More:Meat shortages expected as coronavirus disrupts production, despite executive order.The process generally involves withdrawing a measure of blood and running it through a machine that exposes it to ultraviolet rays. The blood is then reintroduced into the person's body. One website advocating for UBI says the process creates a response in the immune system called an “autogenous vaccine," which "stimulates the immune system to destroy any and all pathogens."The website includes a lengthy list of diseases aided by the treatment, including lymphoma, various viral infections, bacterial infections, autoimmune diseases, circulation conditions and inflammatory conditions.  In 2015, a company called UVLrx Therapautics began marketing a machine called the UVLrx 1500 in the European Union, touting that it, for the first time, eliminated the need to withdraw blood from the body to perform UBI.The system used an IV catheter to administer a 60-minute treatment into the bloodstream. The treatment included a half-hour of red light and UV-A wavelengths, followed by a half-hour of red and green light wavelengths, according to a news release.More:One in 3 death certificates were wrong before coronavirus. It's about to get even worse.In 2016, Forbes reported the device had begun appearing at alternative medicine practices in the U.S. without approval from the Food and Drug Administration. The company said it was beginning clinical trials of the device. Forbes cited an archived version of the UVLrx website, which no longer exists, that listed the conditions the clinical trial expected to explore, including dengue fever, tuberculosis, sepsis, sports-related injuries, HIV and Hepatitis C, Lyme disease and others. The file for the trial at clinicaltrials.gov, last updated in October 2016, does not include the results of the trial.Medical experts: UBI is not an effective treatment for killing viruses.UBI has faced criticism from medical experts, who say the procedure lacks clinical trials and studies that show its effectiveness.Dr. Michael Hamblin, a former principal investigator at the Wellman Center for Photomedicine at Massachusetts General Hospital and associate professor of dermatology at Harvard Medical School, wrote in a 2018 paper that UBI has become known as the "cure that time forgot."It was used broadly in the 1940s and 1950s as a treatment for many diseases, although its use diminished with the rise of antibiotics, Hamblin wrote. In the years since, UBI has been studied more in Russia and Eastern countries than in the U.S. Hamblin wrote more study should be conducted on the treatment, as there is confusion regarding what is happening during the treatment and has led to controversy about its use. "Over the years, its acceptance by the broad medical community has been hindered by this uncertainty," he wrote, later adding that another source of confusion is the wide array of diseases that some claim UBI can treat, which can appear "too good to be true.". More:How to tell the difference between coronavirus symptoms and allergies. Dr. Edzard Ernst, professor emeritus at the University of Exeter and an authority on complementary medicine, wrote a blog post about UBI following Trump's comments last week, in which he called it "an invasive treatment where lots of things might go badly wrong." "Yes, there are quite a few papers on UBI and related methods," he said. "But most of them are in-vitro studies, while robust clinical trials are missing completely."Dr. Mitchell Grayson, a professor of pediatrics and chief of the Division of Allergy and Immunology at Nationwide Children’s Hospital and The Ohio State University, told USA TODAY he has not had experience with any sort of ultraviolet light injection like the one shown in the photograph."It doesn't make any sense, from a medical standpoint," he said. And since coronavirus lives primarily in a person's lung and intestinal cells, Grayson said he would be skeptical about the effectiveness of ultraviolet irradiation in the bloodstream as a prospective treatment for COVID-19. "If someone coughs on a park bench, and it’s out in the sunlight for a few hours, that is probably going to work," he said. "Or if the blood bank wants to make sure there’s no coronavirus in blood products, they can irradiate it. But in a living being, I think it’s unlikely to be done and successful."Our ruling: False. While ultraviolet blood irradiation exists, it is unproven as an effective treatment in killing infections and is not widely used. There have been studies on ultraviolet blood irradiation in the past, but experts say such treatments need proven clinical trials to gain acceptance among the wider medical community. There is also not research proving UBI as a treatment for the coronavirus. Based on our research, we rule as FALSE the claim that UV light has been injected into the body for years to kill viruses and bacteria.|1
On March 18, outspoken eugenicist Bill Gates participated in an “Ask Me Anything” (AMA) event on Reddit entitled, “I’m Bill Gates, co-chair of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. AMA about COVID-19.” And during this event, Gates openly admitted to the world that the agenda moving forward is to vaccinate every person on the planet with coronavirus vaccines as well as track them with Mark of the Beast-type “digital certificates.”Taking place just five days after he conveniently stepped down from the public board of Microsoft to “dedicate more time to philanthropic priorities including global health and development, education, and climate change,” this AMA event with Bill Gates ended up revealing the blueprints of the globalist endgame for humanity, which includes tagging people like cattle and controlling what they’re allowed to do based on their vaccination status.If you agree to get vaccinated with a Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) vaccine once it. becomes available, in other words, then the government will grant you permission to join back up with society and resume at least some of the “normalcy” of your former life. If you don’t, however, then you’ll presumably be ostracized from the rest of the world and forced into permanent isolation, left to fend for yourself with no means to buy, sell, or conduct any type of business in order to make a living and survive.This is the book of Revelation in action, and Bill Gates is laying it all out for you – assuming you’re paying attention. Everything he’s presenting as the “solution” to the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) crisis was foretold long ago by the prophets, and now it’s coming to fruition under the guise of stopping a global pandemic and ensuring that everyone has a proper “digital identity.”It was October 2019 when Bill Gates held his infamous Event 201 forum, which included discussions about a “hypothetical” coronavirus pandemic and how to handle it. Fast-forward a few months and here we are, exactly as Bill Gates and his globalist cronies “predicted” – or rather planned – it all to happen, along with their “solutions” waiting in the wings for a grand unveiling.When asked, “What changes are we going to have to make to how businesses operate to maintain our economy while providing social distancing?” Bill Gates responded:“The question of which businesses should keep going is tricky. Certainly food supply and the health system. We still need water, electricity and the internet. Supply chains for critical things need to be maintained. Countries are still figuring out what to keep running.”And here’s the real kicker at the conclusion of his answer:“Eventually we will have some digital certificates to show who has recovered or been tested recently or when we have a vaccine, who has received it.”Did you catch that? Bill Gates wants to digitally track everyone who contracts the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) and recovers from it, along with everyone who’s been tested for it. He also wants to know who takes the coronavirus vaccine once it becomes publicly available.Listen below to The Health Ranger Report as Mike Adams, the Health Ranger, talks about how the world economy has now come to an end due to the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19):Bill Gates wants everyone to have a “quantum dot tattoo” microchip inserted in their bodiesIt should be noted that the number-one up-voted response to this admission by Bill Gates was from a user who pointed out that it directly aligns with Revelation 13, which states, beginning in verse 16, concerning the Mark of the Beast:“He causes all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and slave, to receive a mark on their right hand or on their foreheads, and that no one may buy or sell except one who has the mark of the name of the beast, or the number of his name. Here is wisdom. Let him who has understanding calculate the number of the beast, for it is the number of a man: His number is 666.”Keep in mind that this all coincides with the ID2020 agenda, which aims to create a global digital identification system for every person on Earth. As we’ve reported in the past, ID2020 and vaccines are being used together to harvest the biometric identities of all mankind, and all for the purpose of creating the global system of tracking and control that was foretold in the book of Revelation.They’ve already begun to test ID2020 in Bangladesh, inserting digital IDs in the bodies of newborn babies along with their vaccinations. And Bill Gates is now talking about how so-called “quantum dot tattoos” are the next wave of biometrics identification, also to be inserted in people’s bodies through vaccination.A report from Futurism explains the quantum dot tattoo as “tiny semiconducting crystals that reflect light” and that “glows under infrared light.” This pattern, along with the vaccine it’s hidden in, gets “delivered into the skin using hi-tech dissolvable microneedles made of a mixture of polymers and sugar,” and is coming to a vaccine clinic near you in the very near future.“This short (and unexpected answer) opened a gigantic Pandora’s box of what could be in store in the near future: The inevitable mass vaccination campaign to eradicate COVID-19 would be the perfect opportunity to introduce a worldwide digital ID,” warns Vigilant Citizen.To keep up with the latest Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) news, be sure to check out Pandemic.news.|0
Modern drug therapy targets individual genes, with epidemics similar to CoronaVirus that are highly mutated and drug resistant; we need to use therapeutic benefits of essential oils to target the virus itself not just the specific gene type . MY PERSONAL ANALYSIS OF ESSENTIAL OILS AGAINST PATHOGENS” on www.gurunanda.com with the hashtags “#essentialoils . . . #china #coronavirus . . . #prevention. Municipalities of Wuhan have declared that people should use Pure essential oils as a preventative therapy . . . #coronavirus #essentialoils. Essential oils have great potential in the field of biomedicine as they effectively destroy several bacterial, fungal, and viral pathogens. . . .the essential oils are effective against a diverse range of pathogens.Against Virus Essential oils might interfere with virion envelopment, designed for entry into host cells. Possible mechanisms of actions include the inhibition of virus replication by hindering cellular DNA polymerase and alteration in phenylpropanoid pathways. Since the flu is spreading so quickly, we want to give 50% off for the essential oils . . . Simply type “Corona” in the code box to save immediately. Just what is this new Coronavirus, and how can you prevent and/or treat it? After reading this article, you’ll be well equipped and informed to decrease your chances of becoming infected. |0
On March 18, outspoken eugenicist Bill Gates participated in an “Ask Me Anything” (AMA) event on Reddit entitled, “I’m Bill Gates, co-chair of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. AMA about COVID-19.” And during this event, Gates openly admitted to the world that the agenda moving forward is to vaccinate every person on the planet with coronavirus vaccines as well as track them with Mark of the Beast-type “digital certificates.”Taking place just five days after he conveniently stepped down from the public board of Microsoft to “dedicate more time to philanthropic priorities including global health and development, education, and climate change,” this AMA event with Bill Gates ended up revealing the blueprints of the globalist endgame for humanity, which includes tagging people like cattle and controlling what they’re allowed to do based on their vaccination status.If you agree to get vaccinated with a Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) vaccine once it. becomes available, in other words, then the government will grant you permission to join back up with society and resume at least some of the “normalcy” of your former life. If you don’t, however, then you’ll presumably be ostracized from the rest of the world and forced into permanent isolation, left to fend for yourself with no means to buy, sell, or conduct any type of business in order to make a living and survive.This is the book of Revelation in action, and Bill Gates is laying it all out for you – assuming you’re paying attention. Everything he’s presenting as the “solution” to the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) crisis was foretold long ago by the prophets, and now it’s coming to fruition under the guise of stopping a global pandemic and ensuring that everyone has a proper “digital identity.”It was October 2019 when Bill Gates held his infamous Event 201 forum, which included discussions about a “hypothetical” coronavirus pandemic and how to handle it. Fast-forward a few months and here we are, exactly as Bill Gates and his globalist cronies “predicted” – or rather planned – it all to happen, along with their “solutions” waiting in the wings for a grand unveiling.When asked, “What changes are we going to have to make to how businesses operate to maintain our economy while providing social distancing?” Bill Gates responded:“The question of which businesses should keep going is tricky. Certainly food supply and the health system. We still need water, electricity and the internet. Supply chains for critical things need to be maintained. Countries are still figuring out what to keep running.”And here’s the real kicker at the conclusion of his answer:“Eventually we will have some digital certificates to show who has recovered or been tested recently or when we have a vaccine, who has received it.”Did you catch that? Bill Gates wants to digitally track everyone who contracts the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) and recovers from it, along with everyone who’s been tested for it. He also wants to know who takes the coronavirus vaccine once it becomes publicly available.Listen below to The Health Ranger Report as Mike Adams, the Health Ranger, talks about how the world economy has now come to an end due to the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19):Bill Gates wants everyone to have a “quantum dot tattoo” microchip inserted in their bodiesIt should be noted that the number-one up-voted response to this admission by Bill Gates was from a user who pointed out that it directly aligns with Revelation 13, which states, beginning in verse 16, concerning the Mark of the Beast:“He causes all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and slave, to receive a mark on their right hand or on their foreheads, and that no one may buy or sell except one who has the mark of the name of the beast, or the number of his name. Here is wisdom. Let him who has understanding calculate the number of the beast, for it is the number of a man: His number is 666.”Keep in mind that this all coincides with the ID2020 agenda, which aims to create a global digital identification system for every person on Earth. As we’ve reported in the past, ID2020 and vaccines are being used together to harvest the biometric identities of all mankind, and all for the purpose of creating the global system of tracking and control that was foretold in the book of Revelation.They’ve already begun to test ID2020 in Bangladesh, inserting digital IDs in the bodies of newborn babies along with their vaccinations. And Bill Gates is now talking about how so-called “quantum dot tattoos” are the next wave of biometrics identification, also to be inserted in people’s bodies through vaccination.A report from Futurism explains the quantum dot tattoo as “tiny semiconducting crystals that reflect light” and that “glows under infrared light.” This pattern, along with the vaccine it’s hidden in, gets “delivered into the skin using hi-tech dissolvable microneedles made of a mixture of polymers and sugar,” and is coming to a vaccine clinic near you in the very near future.“This short (and unexpected answer) opened a gigantic Pandora’s box of what could be in store in the near future: The inevitable mass vaccination campaign to eradicate COVID-19 would be the perfect opportunity to introduce a worldwide digital ID,” warns Vigilant Citizen.To keep up with the latest Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) news, be sure to check out Pandemic.news.|0
Gates wants us microchipped and Fauci wants us to carry vaccination certificates.Did you NAZI that coming??|0
Yes, they do. Though people younger than 65 are much less likely to die from COVID-19, they can get sick enough from the disease to require hospitalization. According to a report published in the CDC's Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report (MMWR) in late March, nearly 40% of people hospitalized for COVID-19 between mid-February and mid-March were between the ages of 20 and 54. Drilling further down by age, MMWR reported that 20% of hospitalized patients and 12% of COVID-19 patients in ICUs were between the ages of 20 and 44.People of any age should take preventive health measures like frequent hand washing, physical distancing, and wearing a mask when going out in public, to help protect themselves and to reduce the chances of spreading the infection to others.|1
Robert F. Kennedy, Jr. wrote last week about Malibu police’s ticketing Point Dume surfers $1,000 apiece for using the ocean during the quarantine. Was this merely an appalling police judgment at which we will laugh post-quarantine? Or does anyone else feel that this is the first wave of compliance and obedience training for something more permanent? Are powerful state and corporate entities using the current crisis to remove basic rights, and intensify pressures to promote vaccines and surveillance? Does anyone else feel the suffocating darkness of tyranny descending on our nation? And finally, does anyone share my dread that Bill Gates—and his long-time associate Tony Fauci—will somehow be running our Brave New World?Imagine a world where the government doesn’t need police officers to apprehend those surfers or ticket you when you violate social distancing with your girlfriend. Suppose that computers discover your beach trip by tracking your movements using a stream of information from your cell phone, your car, your GPS, facial recognition technology integrated with real-time surveillance from satellites, mounted cameras, and implanted chips. Desk-bound prosecutors or robots will notify you of your violation by text while simultaneously withdrawing your $1,000 penalty in cryptocurrency from your payroll account. Welcome to Bill Gates’ America. It’s right around the corner.5G Strategies. Recently, Bill Gates announced his financial support for a $1 billion plan to blanket Earth in video surveillance satellites.  The company, EarthNow, will launch 500 satellites to live-stream monitor almost every “corner” of the Earth, providing instantaneous video feedback with only a one-second delay. According to Wikipedia, the company expects its customers to include “governments and large enterprises.” 5G Antennas­­­ deploying a vast array of ground-based 5G spy antennas. Through his Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, Gates purchased 5.3 million Crown Castle shares currently worth a billion dollars. The Foundation’s second-largest tech holding after Microsoft, Crown Castle owns 5G infrastructure in every major U.S. market. It operates and leases more than 40,000 cell towers, 65,000 small cell nodes which are the central infrastructure for 5G and 75,000 route miles of fiber to every major U.S. market that, instead of going to your home, providing you safe, fast, wired internet, has been confiscated to connect 5G cell towers.5G has almost nothing to do with improving your lives; it’s all about controlling your life, marketing products, and harvesting your data for Artificial Intelligence purposes. Data MiningBig Telecom, Big Data, and Bill Gates are baiting Americans into a digital tyranny-trap with million-dollar TV ads that pretend that their multi trillion-dollar  5G investment is about faster download speeds for video games and movies. But 5G has almost nothing to do with improving your lives; it’s all about controlling your life, marketing products, and harvesting your data for Artificial Intelligence. purposes. The 21st century’s “black gold” is data. 5G is the infrastructure for Gates’ “Internet of Things”—a world where tens of billions of “smart” devices: cell phones, computers, automobiles, garage door openers, Apple watches, baby diapers and even our living bodies—are wirelessly interconnected to enable Big Data to gather and sell our personal information.Gates, Elon Musk, Amazon, Facebook, and Telecom are launching the flagships for the new Gold Rush, a teeming fleet of 50,000 satellites and a network of 2,000,000 ground antennas and cell towers to strip mine data from our smart devices. This microwave radiation-emitting spider web will allow Big Data/Big Telecom and Big Brother to capture what happens inside and outside every person at every moment of life. Gates will harvest, control, sort, characterize, analyze, and sell millions of terabytes of personal information from smart devices—private health data, medical records, our shopping habits, our biometric and behavioral responses to advertising, our children’s ability to learn, our facial expressions, and conversations overheard by Siri, Alexa, and your open cell phone’s microphones. His and other corporations will use these analytics to develop Artificial Intelligence (AI) and turn you into a predictable, easily-manipulated consuming machine.Next time you buy a “smart” device, remember the device is not the product—you are.Surveillance State & TranshumanismCorporations will use Gates’ 5G surveillance system to sell products and escalate AI capacity. Governments will use it to transition the globe to a totalitarian singularity more despotic than Orwell ever imagined. Silicon Valley titans like Elon Musk, Peter Thiel, and Google’s Chief Engineer Ray Kurzweil talk longingly of “transhumanism,” the process by which humanity will transition to become part-human, part-machine via genetic engineering and surgical implants.Bill Gates is investing heavily to accelerate this altered reality. His ambition to tag us all with injected subdermal vaccine data chips seems to be merely a steppingstone toward an all-encompassing surveillance state.Rewarding Compliance. Microsoft has patented a sinister technology that utilizes implanted sensors to monitor body and brain activity. It will reward compliant humans with crypto currency payments when they perform assigned activities.The Patent, WO 2020 060606 has gained notoriety and the nickname “World Order 2020 666.” Microsoft describes this device as a “Crypto Currency System” and explains that it is “capable of” using body activity data to mine bitcoin in response to compliance with assigned tasks.People who agree to install the Microsoft harmful wireless sensors will receive periodic “duty” smart phone instructions to watch a certain advertisement, listen to a specific song, walk down a specific grocery store aisle, or to take a certain vaccine. This chip will collect data from embedded sensors that monitor brain waves, blood flow, and other body reactions. The system will transfer cryptocurrency into the subject’s account after completion of the assigned task. On the bright side, Microsoft’s dystopian invention should be a welcome source of income for the 40% of Americans put out of work by periodic COVID quarantines, by Musk’s self-driving electronic cars, which also rely on the 5G rollout, and by Artificial Intelligence, including robots. Will Gates sell the data we freely give him to companies that will take away our jobs?Owning Smart Cities. Maintaining and analyzing the data collected by a 5G infrastructure require massive computers housed in major data storage complexes. To keep control of this infrastructure, Bill Gates is building his own “smart city” in Arizona. According to KPNX-TV, he spent $80 million on a 24,800-acre plot near Phoenix with the goal of turning it into a “smart city” where everything is interconnected via a wireless grid, including fleets of autonomous vehicles. The 80,000 residents of Gates’ company town will mainly work in data centers.To consolidate his control over what people hear, learn, and think, Gates bought shares in Liberty Global, one of the largest international television and Internet companies, operating in 30 countries and growing.Controlling Reproduction.Gates will even control your body, your bedroom, your medicine cabinet and even women’s menstrual and ovulation cycles. He invested approximately $18 million in MicroCHIPS, a company that among other chip-based devices, develops birth-control implant chips with wireless on/off switches and chips for drug-delivery that allow a single implant to store and precisely deliver hundreds of therapeutic doses over months or years. The implants will be operated wirelessly by the patient to deliver medication. Knowing of Gates’ missionary zeal for population control, however, some customers might worry that the system could be remotely activated as well.The expansion of the wireless cloud between 2012–2015 was equivalent to adding 4.9 million cars to the roads.Controlling Climate: GeoengineeringGates’ apparent conviction that God has ordained him to use technology for humanity’s salvation is exemplified in one of his most ambitious projects. Gates is funding Harvard scientists to use Geoengineering to block the sun to reverse global warming and climate change.That project is a template for both hubris, hypocrisy and risk. The massive expansion of wireless use and the 5G wireless grid—for which Gates is a major player—is the most significant contributor to increased energy consumption. The expansion of the wireless cloud between 2012–2015 was equivalent to adding 4.9 million cars to the roads. 5G is expected to exponentially increase energy use by upwards of 170% by 2026. Proposing to use the wireless “smart” grid to combat the carbon footprint with geotechnology is a hare-brained scheme—not a solution for climate change.Cashless Society.To consolidate global control, Gates has declared war on cash, and the COVID-19 lockdowns have provided governments a convenient pretext for scuttling cash as a health hazard. Gates and his foundation are spearheading the global shift from a cash economy towards digital transactions. Gates and Microsoft are perfectly positioned to profit from a digital payments system. By controlling digital transactions (and removing cash), Gates can control and monitor everything commercial that a country and its citizens do.Western financial institutions—Mastercard, PayPal, Visa, eBay, and Citi—have long pushed for a cashless world. Electronic banking allows banks and financial consortiums to levy fees on every transaction.The Digital Economy will allow the Government to monitor and scrutinize every transaction, to freeze digital accounts, and to block “financial flows” to punish disobedience. Operating in a public-private partnership with government, tech billionaires will not only control the nation but will be able to micromanage the worldwide population. Digitized currency is the ultimate instrument of social control. After all, in a cashless society, survival is impossible without access to the digitized economic system. The poor—lacking bank accounts—will suffer disproportionately.Trillionaire Borg.While the lockdown is a cataclysm for the world economy, it is an opportunity for Gates. By purchasing our devalued assets at a penny on the dollar, Gates’ $100 billion might make him the world’s first trillionaire. But the quarantine is also an opportunity to enlarge his power and dominion. Under Gates’ leadership, Microsoft became known as “The Borg” because of his appetite for total market control. Now, Gates seeks to bring all humanity under his boot. His worship of technology and his megalomania threaten our freedoms, our democracy, our biology, our planet, our humanity, and our souls.The microwave radiation used for wireless surveillance of the world is not biologically tolerable, especially for developing children. Thousands of peer-reviewed, published studies abundantly document wireless technology’s profound, adverse, physical effects on humans, animals and plants. Sickness and environmental degradation from wireless technology is already widespread. Big Telecom control of U.S. and global regulatory agencies and media and Gates’ financial control of the World Health Organization have allowed a few billionaires to propagate the patent lie that wireless is safe.Gates’ technological dreams are not biologically sustainable. His Tower of Babel is bound to collapse, with catastrophic impact for lesser humans. It’s time to dismantle the Tower before it’s too late.|0
Scientists have been sounding the alarm about the dangers of 5th generation wireless technology. Some countries have heeded the warning about wireless radiation and the harmful effects of EMFs. China, on the other hand, has completely ignored all warnings and has proceeded to unleash 5G faster than any other nation. In fact, China rolled out 5G in the province of Wuhan in October 2019. Just two months later, the city became afflicted by a new kind of coronavirus named CoVid-19. How did a formerly benign class of virus become so opportunistic in such a short amount of time? Why is the death rate so high at the epicenter of the outbreak?Did the 5G launch in Wuhan China cause widespread compromised immune systems? Why did the city’s population suddenly become so vulnerable? Could it be that 5G oxidized important surveillance proteins of the innate immune system of the Wuhan population? Does 5G cause severe inflammation, damaging the innate immune system? Could it be that 5G does cause DNA breaks, as documented by scientists? Do these DNA breaks potentially affect innate immune molecules such as the mannose binding lectins (MBLs), which are primarily located on lung surfactant proteins A and D?MBLs are powerful defense molecules that have been clinically studied to target coronaviruses early in their replication cycle, preventing viral attachment. If MBL levels are compromised through oxidation, respiratory viruses can more readily take hold of the human host. Deficiency in MBLs also occurs when there is a three single point mutation in exon 1 of the MBL-2 gene. For an infectious agent to cause complication and/or fatality, a person’s immune system must be compromised. Did the launch of 5G in Wuhan China help facilitate the outbreak of this deadly bioweapon?MBLs are a natural defense system in the human body used for biological recognition and surveillance at the molecular level. MBLs bind with sugars, allowing the protein to interact with many different kinds of viruses, bacteria, yeasts, fungi and protozoa cloaked with such sugars. MBLs are unique because they can bind to the surface of microbes and activate the complement system in an antibody. They are one of the only anti-viral systems that can break down the signature glycoprotein shell that surrounds coronaviruses, including Ebola, SARS, and MERS.Deficiency in mannose binding lectins is linked to chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, neonatal sepsis, and respiratory syncytial virus (RSV), among other complications and respiratory illnesses. Scientists estimate that 10 to 30 percent of the population is deficient in MBLs, putting them at serious risk of complications from any and all respiratory infections. This is the most serious aspect of the coronavirus outbreak: Up to thirty percent of the population may already be susceptible to serious complications from this weaponized strain. 5G wireless radiation only compromises immunity further. After all, one of the documented symptoms of 5G is “flu-like symptoms.” Why is the fatality rate higher at the epicenter of the outbreak?Did the launch of 5G wireless radiation cause oxidative damage to innate immune molecules like the mannose binding lectins in the people of Wuhan China? Did 5G cause genetic mutations, suppressing natural levels of mannose binding lectins? Did the well documented oxidative effects of 5G affect the population’s innate immune system, oxidizing the very molecules that the immune system needs in order to protect the respiratory system? Is 5G accelerating the virility of coronavirus by weakening important cellular surveillance systems on the proteins of lung cells?|0
There is still a lot that is unknown about COVID-19 and how it spreads. Coronaviruses are thought to be spread most often by respiratory droplets. Although the virus can survive for a short period on some surfaces, it is unlikely to be spread from domestic or international mail, products or packaging. However, it may be possible that people can get COVID-19 by touching a surface or object that has the virus on it and then touching their own mouth, nose, or possibly their eyes, but this is not thought to be the main way the virus spreads.|1
Donating blood requires that you be administered a free test for the COVID-19, a disease caused by the coronavirus.|0
Robert Kennedy Jr. claims that Bill Gates owns the World Health Organization (WHO) and called the Microsoft founder "the most powerful man in public health."Kennedy Jr., the son of Robert F. Kennedy and the nephew of John F. Kennedy, made the claims in an interview on YouTube channel Valuetainment, on May 2, 2020. Kennedy claimed that Gates provides 10% of the WHO's budget and said that the WHO "begs and rolls over" for Gates' funding. He claimed that Gates had used his influence to shift the WHO's approach to disease eradication. Kennedy said that the WHO used to employ a policy of eliminating disease by eliminating poverty. He said that the best way of eliminating a disease was by providing impoverished communities with adequate resources, like clean water, sanitation, and sufficient and nutritional food. However, he alleges that Gates has shifted this approach. Kennedy claims that Gates has shifted the WHO's attention toward eradicating disease through vaccination. "He believes the only path to good health is inside a syringe," Kennedy claimed in the two-hour-long interview. Half of the WHO's budget goes towards Gates' polio vaccine program, according to Kennedy, who alleges that the vaccine is actually spreading polio. He alleged that the Gates Foundation's polio vaccine has caused polio epidemics around the world in places that have not seen polio for decades and said that 70% of polio cases on earth are coming from the Gates vaccine. "I think that Gates is well-intended in the same way that missionaries who brought smallpox to the Indians were well-intended. I think he believes that he is somehow ordained divinely to bring salvation to the world through technology." Bill Gates has donated more than $300 million to develop a COVID-19 vaccine and aims to introduce a Global Vaccine Action Plan to combat disease around the world. Kennedy also weighed in with some outrageous theories about the new 5G network, which is currently being rolled out across the world. He said that Bill Gates would have "complete control of our society" through 5G. Kennedy alleged that Gates has invested heavily in 5G networks and owns hundreds of thousands of ground antennae. Kennedy claimed that authorities would use 5G to track movements to know where an individual is at any given moment. "5G is not about helping you download your video game quickly," he said. "5G is about surveillance and it's about data harvesting." He said that the current lockdown measures that are in place during the COVID-19 pandemic are training society to do what it's told. "This pandemic is teaching us to accept this kind of surveillance, to accept these constraints on our civil rights, to allow the government to come in and tell us that we must stay at home and not send our kids to school." Perhaps Kennedy's most outrageous claim was that Bill Gates is installing chips in people across America. He said that these chips could be used to store a person's medical records but said that they would be used for something far more sinister. He said that a police officer could potentially scan the chip in the middle of an investigation to search a person's criminal record or their previous locations. Reuters published an article on May 5 debunking Kennedy's microchip claim. Robert F. Kennedy Jr. is known for his controversial and bizarre theories.He is notoriously and controversially anti-vaccination and his own family members penned an op-ed in Politico last year challenging his campaign of "misinformation" about vaccination. |0
There is only one existing treatment for the new coronavirus: vitamin C.Vitamin C supports your immune system.Vitamin C helps to kill the virus and reduces the symptoms of infection.It's not a COVID "cure," but nothing is.It might just save your life, though, and will definitely reduce the severity of the infection.If someone tells you it's not proven, consider two things:Nothing is proven to work against COVID-19, because it is a new virus.Vitamin C has worked against every single virus including influenzas, pneumonia, and even poliomyelitis.What to do.If you do nothing else, start taking vitamin C right away; at least 3 grams a day, spread right across the day. That's a 1,000 milligram capsule every 8 hours, or a level teaspoon of powder dissolved in a pint or so of water, drank all through the day.If you're smart and motivated, do all the other things recommended in our previous release Vitamin C Protects Against Coronavirus (http://orthomolecular.org/resources/omns/v16n04.shtml).When and if you catch a bug that might be COVID-19, simply increase your vitamin C intake: a rounded teaspoon (that's 4 to 5 grams) in water (which helps to keep you hydrated) every 3 or 4 hours. And keep on taking it.Do you consult a doctor? Do you self-isolate? Yes and yes. Of course you do; that's your duty to others.Vitamin C and the other measures are what you do for yourself.These links provide a large number of references to back up our above statements|0
Every virus has its unique challenges. In the case of n-coronavirus, the vaccine challenges are 2-fold. First, you have to interfere with the virus’s ability to dock with a specific receptor in the lungs called ACE2. Then, you need to reduce the problem of antibody-dependent enhancement. ADE means that some respiratory virus vaccines can actually make things worse. There are multiple ways to solve this problem. One option is creating a vaccine that only uses parts of the pathogen to stimulate the immune system. One approach is to do this by producing recombinant protein subunit vaccines. We have found that these vaccines that use a part of a protein of the virus (the spike protein) and known as the receptor binding domain (RBD) are optimal for 2 reasons: Recombinant proteins are a standard technology that has resulted in other licensed vaccines, including the hepatitis B and HPV vaccines; and it’s possible to produce this vaccine in abundance and at low cost. Moreover, this approach, unlike many others, reduces ADE and has a potential for being safe. |1
On March 18, outspoken eugenicist Bill Gates participated in an “Ask Me Anything” (AMA) event on Reddit entitled, “I’m Bill Gates, co-chair of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. AMA about COVID-19.” And during this event, Gates openly admitted to the world that the agenda moving forward is to vaccinate every person on the planet with coronavirus vaccines as well as track them with Mark of the Beast-type “digital certificates.”Taking place just five days after he conveniently stepped down from the public board of Microsoft to “dedicate more time to philanthropic priorities including global health and development, education, and climate change,” this AMA event with Bill Gates ended up revealing the blueprints of the globalist endgame for humanity, which includes tagging people like cattle and controlling what they’re allowed to do based on their vaccination status.If you agree to get vaccinated with a Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) vaccine once it. becomes available, in other words, then the government will grant you permission to join back up with society and resume at least some of the “normalcy” of your former life. If you don’t, however, then you’ll presumably be ostracized from the rest of the world and forced into permanent isolation, left to fend for yourself with no means to buy, sell, or conduct any type of business in order to make a living and survive.This is the book of Revelation in action, and Bill Gates is laying it all out for you – assuming you’re paying attention. Everything he’s presenting as the “solution” to the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) crisis was foretold long ago by the prophets, and now it’s coming to fruition under the guise of stopping a global pandemic and ensuring that everyone has a proper “digital identity.”It was October 2019 when Bill Gates held his infamous Event 201 forum, which included discussions about a “hypothetical” coronavirus pandemic and how to handle it. Fast-forward a few months and here we are, exactly as Bill Gates and his globalist cronies “predicted” – or rather planned – it all to happen, along with their “solutions” waiting in the wings for a grand unveiling.When asked, “What changes are we going to have to make to how businesses operate to maintain our economy while providing social distancing?” Bill Gates responded:“The question of which businesses should keep going is tricky. Certainly food supply and the health system. We still need water, electricity and the internet. Supply chains for critical things need to be maintained. Countries are still figuring out what to keep running.”And here’s the real kicker at the conclusion of his answer:“Eventually we will have some digital certificates to show who has recovered or been tested recently or when we have a vaccine, who has received it.”Did you catch that? Bill Gates wants to digitally track everyone who contracts the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) and recovers from it, along with everyone who’s been tested for it. He also wants to know who takes the coronavirus vaccine once it becomes publicly available.Listen below to The Health Ranger Report as Mike Adams, the Health Ranger, talks about how the world economy has now come to an end due to the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19):Bill Gates wants everyone to have a “quantum dot tattoo” microchip inserted in their bodiesIt should be noted that the number-one up-voted response to this admission by Bill Gates was from a user who pointed out that it directly aligns with Revelation 13, which states, beginning in verse 16, concerning the Mark of the Beast:“He causes all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and slave, to receive a mark on their right hand or on their foreheads, and that no one may buy or sell except one who has the mark of the name of the beast, or the number of his name. Here is wisdom. Let him who has understanding calculate the number of the beast, for it is the number of a man: His number is 666.”Keep in mind that this all coincides with the ID2020 agenda, which aims to create a global digital identification system for every person on Earth. As we’ve reported in the past, ID2020 and vaccines are being used together to harvest the biometric identities of all mankind, and all for the purpose of creating the global system of tracking and control that was foretold in the book of Revelation.They’ve already begun to test ID2020 in Bangladesh, inserting digital IDs in the bodies of newborn babies along with their vaccinations. And Bill Gates is now talking about how so-called “quantum dot tattoos” are the next wave of biometrics identification, also to be inserted in people’s bodies through vaccination.A report from Futurism explains the quantum dot tattoo as “tiny semiconducting crystals that reflect light” and that “glows under infrared light.” This pattern, along with the vaccine it’s hidden in, gets “delivered into the skin using hi-tech dissolvable microneedles made of a mixture of polymers and sugar,” and is coming to a vaccine clinic near you in the very near future.“This short (and unexpected answer) opened a gigantic Pandora’s box of what could be in store in the near future: The inevitable mass vaccination campaign to eradicate COVID-19 would be the perfect opportunity to introduce a worldwide digital ID,” warns Vigilant Citizen.To keep up with the latest Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) news, be sure to check out Pandemic.news.|0
Garlic is a healthy food that may have some antimicrobial properties. However, there is no evidence from the current outbreak that eating garlic has protected people from the new coronavirus.|1
Last September, Gallup released an opinion poll that surveyed Americans’ views of U.S. businesses, ranking 25 different sectors from very positive to very negative. The pharmaceutical industry came in dead last, lower than at any time since Gallup started the poll in 2001.“We’re below Congress, below bankers, below tobacco,” lamented Ken Frazier, chief executive of drug giant Merck.What a difference a global pandemic makes.Today the world is depending upon the pharmaceutical industry to not only save lives, but economies around the world. At this very moment, pharmaceutical companies and biotech startups from San Francisco and Boston to Tianjin, Tokyo and Galilee, are staging a multi-front battle against the novel coronavirus akin to the sea, land and air assault conducted by the allies against Nazi Germany on D-Day during World War II.There are no fewer than 267 different COVID-19 remedies in development, according to an analysis by Umer Raffat, a senior managing director of investment bank Evercore ISI, with more experimental treatments being added almost daily. This includes testing drugs already available but designed for other ailments, new experimental therapeutics, and vaccines that are being developed from scratch.The attack against coronavirus is coming from all sides. There are synthetic peptide-based vaccines consisting of two or more linked amino acids created in a lab to immunize against the virus; there are so called nucleic acid vaccines genetically engineered from DNA or RNA sequences of the pathogen; antiviral medications, similar to Tamiflu, that target the virus itself; there are new remedies using existing arthritis drugs to contain the immune system, which sometimes inadvertently kills patients as it unleashes its force on COVID-19. Underlying the multitude of efforts underway is the reality that most drugs in development are ultimately unsuccessful.“A lot of companies are doing the rational thing: testing therapies already in their pipeline which have a plausible mechanism of action. We need to get drugs into clinical trials rapidly so we can quickly learn and double down behind promising results and follow the winners,” says Vivek Ramaswamy, CEO of Roivant Sciences, a drug development firm that acquires hidden gems among forgotten drugs in the pharmaceutical pipelines.“The idea is to find the best horse in each of the categories. Antivirals plus host immune response modulation makes a lot of sense, but we need to find the best therapeutic in each category, for the right patient population.” says Ramaswamy, who studied biology at Harvard, was a hedge fund analyst and earned a Yale law degree before he began building his innovative biotech firm in 2015. “For antivirals, is it a nucleoside, or an antimalarial which prevents viral propagation in a different way? For immune response modulation, is it anti-IL-6 or anti-GM-CSF? The answer may differ by patient population. Let’s sort those questions out quickly.”Ramaswamy says that it’s difficult to have a national strategy for the coronavirus predicated on a vaccine that would provide immunity to COVID-19 because it will take a year to a year-and-a-half, optimistically, to have something ready for use on a national scale. But if latency occurs and the coronavirus becomes a perennial problem, akin to the seasonal flu, vaccines will be important.Sanofi’s vaccine unit is partnering with the federal government’s Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority, piggybacking off work that was done on a SARS vaccine and its recombinant vaccine program. But Sanofi doesn’t expect trials in patients for about a year-and-a-half.Johnson & Johnson has been working on COVID-19 vaccines since January. In late March it announced its Janssen unit would be pushing forward a candidate in a $1 billion partnership with the federal government with the goal of rapidly supplying more than one billion doses. J&J says its vaccine should be in human trials by September and that first batches could be used for front-line medical workers by early 2021.Cambridge, Massachusetts biotech Moderna Therapeutics also signed a partnership deal with the federal government’s BARDA. It claims that it may be able to shorten the relatively long development time for a vaccine. Like Ebola and measles, COVID-19 is an RNA virus, meaning it has no DNA but instead uses the host’s cells to replicate itself. Moderna specializes in developing drugs based on RNA. In this case it is attempting to give messenger RNA the cellular machinery to make proteins that generate an immune response in the body, creating antibodies that could protect against the virus itself. By the middle of March, Moderna started testing its RNA-based vaccine in low doses in people in Seattle.Moderna’s billionaire CEO Stephané Bancel says his company’s vaccine could be available to medical workers as early as this fall. In fact Bancel is so eager to speed up the process, and confident about Moderna’s vaccine, that the company is already dipping into corporate funds to gear up and prepare materials for later stage clinical trials even though it hasn’t cleared its first hurdle. The issue with the messenger RNA approach is that it was initially designed to be used in much more targeted and small scale situations, like cancer and rare diseases, as opposed to infectious disease. In fact, an mRNA vaccine has never even been approved by the FDA. If Moderna’s vaccine is effective, manufacturing enough RNA to provide immunity for hundreds of millions could be a challenge. Still, Bancel insists that Moderna could produce millions of doses by the fall.“We need to practice some measure of social distancing until we have vaccines,” says Peter Kolchinsky, cofounder of $4 billion biotech hedge fund RA Capital Management and author of The Great American Drug Deal: A New Prescription for Innovation and Affordable Medicines.Kolchinsky doesn’t expect any large-scale vaccines until the first half of 2021, at earliest. As a result he thinks all establishments that rely on public gathering should remain closed until then — from restaurants and sporting events, to subways and maybe even schools. “We'll know if any of the first wave of vaccines are working during the June to October 2020 window. We can make better predictions as we see that data roll out,” Kolchinksy says. He thinks the mRNA vaccine could become available by the end of 2020, but it will likely require multiple doses per patient, which could translate into hundreds of millions of doses needed per month. Says Kolchinksy, “I'm keeping an eye on vaccines that could take just one dose to work, which could be the case for J&J's vaccine.” Another important and perhaps more pressing front in the war against COVID-19 is therapeutics because they promise to have an immediate impact on people already afflicted by the influenza as well as tamp down the impact of an expected second wave of the pandemic. Former FDA Commissioner Scott Gottlieb is urging the federal government to set up robust partnerships with companies working on therapeutics, just as it has with the vaccine makers.Kolchinsky says it’s too early to tell which of the many therapeutics being tested will work, but he expects drug combinations will emerge. He adds some drugs might start to be available by fall to treat the most serious cases and that doctors might alter the way available drugs, like antimalarial remedy chloroquine or hydroxychloroquine, are used as fresh data on their efficacy become available. Hydroxychloroquine is already being used in some hospitals in combination with antibiotic azithromycin, often used for bacterial infections like strep throat and bronchitis. Kolchinsky says that the attention being given to the malarial drugs is warranted because the drugs have shown some efficacy in pre-clinical in-vitro work. So far the early studies in people have been mixed, but it appears they may work better if someone infected with Sars-CoV-2 receives it early in treatment, much the way Tamiflu is administered. The trouble is coronavirus can have mild symptoms often ignored initially until it suddenly gets much worse. Malarial drugs like hydroxychloroquine require a prescription, so by the time they are prescribed by a physician, their efficacy against COVID-19 could be diminished.In Japan, Fujifilm Holding subsidiary Toyama Chemical’s antiviral favipiravir, also known as Avigan, is showing promise in reducing the severity and duration of COVID-19. In a limited test of patients from China, those treated with favipiravir, which was approved as an antiviral for use in Japan in 2014, tested negative for the virus after four days compared to the 11 days it took the control group to recover. Gilead’s antiviral remdesivir has shown preclinical promise but it needs to be administered early and intravenously. The concern is that people infected with Sars-CoV-2 might get it too late in the cycle. Results from some of remdesivir’s clinical trials are expected as early as this month.David Witzke, co-managing partner of Avidity Partners, a biotech and healthcare hedge fund firm, points to rheumatoid arthritis drugs that inhibit the pro-inflammatory protein known as cytokine IL-6 as being potentially promising for COVID-19 patients in later stages, often in ICU units and on ventilators.These drugs could be effective in reducing the risk of a cytokine storm of the body’s immune system. Cytokines are molecules that signal cells to marshal an immune response. In some COVID-19 cases, particularly younger patients, the overzealous molecules actually cause the immune system to not only vanquish the virus but go on to attack organs like the lungs and liver, causing failures and ultimately death. Sanofi and Regeneron’s Kevzara are working on a therapeutic designed to prevent such cytokine storms.“Anti-inflammatory drugs, the IL-6 antibodies, like Actemra at Roche and the products at Regeneron, seem to be helpful in patients when their lungs get full of inflammation,” says Witzke. “These are drugs on the market [today] so they are available and if they are helping these late stage patients that will be a benefit. We are more optimistic about those drugs."  Another set of remedies known as JAK inhibitors reduce IL-6 antibodies, but also attack a whole host of other pro-inflammatory cytokines. Jakafi and barticinib are two arthritis drugs in development by Delaware biotech firm Incyte and pharmaceutical giant Eli Lilly that are now being studied. JAK inhibitors are riskier because they offer a broad attack, akin to firing a shotgun rather than a rifle, at the problem. But the JAK inhibitors could also diminish the risk of a cytokine storm. Data on JAK inhibitor effectiveness on COVID-19 should be available by summer. Roivant’s Gimsilumab targets another cytokine, GM-CSF, which has been identified as causing severe respiratory distress for COVID-19 patients in China who required intensive care.Another hotbed for coronavirus cures are monoclonal antibodies, which are antibodies that bind to the spike proteins of COVID-19 and ultimately neutralize it. Monoclonal antibodies can be “cloned” from blood plasma and Regeneron is a leader in this effort. For the novel coronavirus it has cloned antibodies from the blood of mice, which have been infected and recovered from the disease. If Regeneron’s new treatment proves effective in clinical trials it could be available by the fall. This could be a game changer because monoclonal antibodies can be used both as a cure for infected patients, as well as a kind of vaccine for the general population. Depending on the half-life of the monoclonal antibody, a person could have coverage for up to a month, which could be very useful for those with a family member who has come down with an infection. Regeneron, which is selecting two antibodies for its COVID-19 cocktail treatment, is following the playbook that worked for it against the Ebola epidemic in the Congo.“Regeneron is one of the best protein engineering companies in the world and they have one or more monoclonal antibodies. What is very encouraging is the virus does not appear to be mutating at any great rate,” says Witzke.Eli Lilly and San Francisco’s Vir Biotechnology, are also using monoclonal antibodies to create their cure but they are harvesting their antibodies from human patients who have survived COVID-19. Antibodies naturally produced against the virus are being engineered into a remedy that the companies hope to mass produce. Vir said in March that it has identified multiple human monoclonal antibody development candidates that effectively thwart the virus and anticipates that human trials could begin within three to five months.In a way, Vir and Eli Lilly are putting a modern spin on treatment that has been around for more than a century—using plasma and its antibodies from patients who have recovered from a viral infection and giving it to patients infected with the virus. In fact using convalescent plasma for treatment was effective against diptheria in the 1890s and scarlet fever in the 1920s. What drug companies like Vir and Eli Lilly are doing today is much more targeted because their researchers are actually picking out the specific antibody.In the meantime, U.S. blood donation centers are already ramping up efforts to collect plasma from recovered coronavirus patients the old-fashioned way while the efficacy of such efforts is still being studied.“If I was a patient, I would be interested in it. It’s a quick way to get antibodies from survivors into you and you can do that immediately,” says Witzke, noting that he is an investor with no training in medicine. “I would rather have a more targeted approach like what Regeneron is doing but if you’re in a tough place today, I would turn to [plasma] immediately.”|1
Could dissidents potentially be electronically blacklisted and denied access to cashless payment systems and transit systems as if they were a banned web page in the ‘internet of things’?A sobering reality has emerged since this report was published. The infrastructure for this system of control has been built.The 5G network will enable the rollout of a vast command and control grid that will monitor people, places and things wirelessly in real-time. Humans will not have the ability to opt out and live a normal life.The Internet of Things (IoT) infrastructure will be organized by the 5G network. Trillions of objects made “smart” by embedded computer chips will be “alive” in the grid.In 2012, CIA Director David Petraeus said that the technology will be “transformational… particularly to their effect on clandestine tradecraft“. Petraeus explained:Items of interest will be located, identified, monitored, and remotely controlled through technologies such as radio-frequency identification, sensor networks, tiny embedded servers, and energy harvesters – all connected to the next-generation internet using abundant, low-cost, and high-power computing.The UK Ministry of Defense said in a 2010 report that a vast surveillance network would overtake the planet:The virtual networks will consist of communications servers linking individuals and objects, many of which will be networked through individual Internet Protocol (IP) addresses.Ultimately, as stated in the paper, it may become difficult to “turn the outside world off,” and “…Even amongst those who make an explicit life-style choice to remain detached, choosing to be disconnected may be considered suspicious behaviour.”As coronavirus accelerates trends toward automation through robotics and artificial intelligence,rapid adoption of 5G can be expected as well.The monumental shift to this anti-human system will not happen without resistance.|0
Travellers should adhere to strict hygiene measures, wash hands with soap and water regularly, and/or use alcohol-based hand sanitisers. Touching the face with unwashed hands should be avoided. Travellers should avoid contact with sick persons, in particular those with respiratory symptoms and fever. It should be emphasised that older people and those with underlying health conditions should take these precautionary measures very seriously. Travellers who develop any symptoms during or after travel should self-isolate; those developing acute respiratory symptoms within 14 days upon return should be advised to seek immediate medical advice, ideally by phone first to their national healthcare provider.|1
Children make up a very small proportion of reported COVID-19 cases, with about 1% of all cases reported being under 10 years, and 4% aged 10-19 years. Children appear as likely to be infected as adults, but they have a much lower risk than adults of developing symptoms or severe disease. There is still some uncertainty about the extent to which asymptomatic or mildly symptomatic children transmit disease.|1
For some reason, the country where the virus was patented did not cause any doubts. And what kind of military events were held in China? But where does the virus come from?|0
SERIOUS EXCELLENT ADVICE by Japanese doctors treating COVID-19 cases.  Everyone should ensure your mouth & throat is moist, never DRY. Take a few sips of water every 15 mins at least. WHY?  Even if the virus gets into your mouth … drinking water or other liquids will WASH them down through your oesophagus and into the stomach. Once there in tummy … your stomach ACID will kill all the virus. If you don’t drink enough water more regularly … the virus can enter your windpipes and into the LUNGS. That’s very dangerous.|0
Russian aid delivered to Italy, that “Russia is helping Italy and the EU is not. the Chinese “global project” as superior to the EU. Chinese state-controlled media and social media channels strongly promoted the idea that the Chinese model is superior in tackling COVID-19, while highlighting global expressions of gratitude for Chinese aid delivery, including in Italy.|0
Bill Gates Vaccines are strategic philanthropy that feeds his many vaccine-related businesses (including Microsoft’s ambition to control a global vaccination ID enterprise) and gives him dictatorial control of global health policy.Gates’ obsession with vaccines seems to be fueled by a conviction to save the world with technology.Promising his share of $450 million of $1.2 billion to eradicate Polio, Gates took control of India’s National Technical Advisory Group on Immunization (NTAGI) which mandated up to 50 doses (Table 1) of polio vaccines through overlapping immunization programs to children before the age of five. Indian doctors blame the Gates campaign for a devastating non-polio acute flaccid paralysis (NPAFP) epidemic that paralyzed 490,000 children beyond expected rates between 2000 and 2017. In 2017, the Indian government dialed back Gates’ vaccine regimen and asked Gates and his vaccine policies to leave India. NPAFP rates dropped precipitously.In 2017, the World Health Organization (WHO) reluctantly admitted that the global explosion in polio is predominantly vaccine strain. The most frightening epidemics in Congo, Afghanistan, and the Philippines, are all linked to vaccines. In fact, by 2018, 70% of global polio cases were vaccine strain.South African newspapers complained, “We are guinea pigs for the drug makers.” Nelson Mandela’s former Senior Economist, Professor Patrick Bond, describes Gates’ philanthropic practices as “ruthless and immoral.” During Gates’ 2002 MenAfriVac campaign in Sub-Saharan Africa, Gates’ operatives forcibly vaccinated thousands of African children against meningitis. Approximately 50 of the 500 children vaccinated developed paralysis.|0
The below visualization The Secret History of Coronavirus Bioweapon is based on GreatGameIndia‘s exclusive report Coronavirus Bioweapon – How China Stole Coronavirus From Canada And Weaponized It. The Saudi SARS Sample. On June 13, 2012 a 60-year-old Saudi man was admitted to a private hospital in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, with a 7-day history of fever, cough, expectoration, and shortness of breath. He had no history of cardiopulmonary or renal disease, was receiving no long-term medications, and did not smoke.The Canadian Lab. On May 4, 2013, a sample of this Saudi SARS (aka novel Coronavirus) from the very first infected Saudi patient arrived in Canada’s National Microbiology Laboratory in Winnipeg via Ron Fouchier of Erasmus Medical Center in Rotterdam, Netherlands who sequenced the virus sample. Chinese Biological Espionage. In March 2019, in mysterious event a shipment of exceptionally virulent viruses from Canada’s NML ended up in China. The event caused a major scandal with Bio-warfare experts questioning why Canada was sending lethal viruses to China. Four months later in July 2019, a group of Chinese virologists were forcibly dispatched from the Canadian lab – the only level-4 facility equipped to handle the world’s deadliest diseases where Coronavirus sample from the first Saudi patient was being examined.Xiangguo Qiu. The scientist who was escorted out of the Canadian lab along with members of her research team is believed to be a Chinese Bio-Warfare agent Xiangguo Qiu. Dr. Xiangguo Qiu is married to another Chinese scientist Dr. Keding Cheng – the couple is responsible for infiltrating Canada’s NML with many Chinese agents posing as students from a range of Chinese scientific facilities directly tied to China’s Biological Warfare Program.Dr. Xiangguo Qiu made at least five trips to the Wuhan National Biosafety Laboratory located only 20 miles away from the Huanan Seafood Market which is the epicenter of the outbreak.The Canadian investigation is ongoing and questions remain whether previous shipments to China of other viruses or other essential preparations, took place from 2006 to 2018, one way or another.Frank Plummer Assassination. Meanwhile, in a very strange turn of events, renowned scientist Frank Plummer who received Saudi SARS Coronavirus sample and was working on Coronavirus (HIV) vaccine in the Winnipeg based Canadian lab from where the virus was smuggled by Chinese Biowarfare agents has died in mysterious conditions in Nairobi, Kenya.Scholars or Spies. The Thousand Talents Plan or Thousand Talents Program was established in 2008 by the central government of China to recognize and recruit leading international experts in scientific research, innovation, and entrepreneurship – in other words to steal western technology.Weaponizing Biotech.China’s national strategy of military-civil fusion has highlighted biology as a priority, and the People’s Liberation Army could be at the forefront of expanding and exploiting this knowledge. Chinese military’s interest in biology as an emerging domain of warfare is guided by strategists who talk about potential “genetic weapons” and the possibility of a “bloodless victory.”For latest updates on the outbreak check out our Coronavirus Coverage. Join us on WhatsApp for more intel and updates.|0
Here are a few of the main theses conveyed by this documentary:The new coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) is the result of human manipulation in the laboratory, The virus was deliberately released outside the Wuhan virology laboratory, The first traces of the virus do not go back to the Wuhan market , SARS-CoV-2 may have been created from the HIV virus|0
The virus, along with the Spanish flu,SARS, and H1N1, was made by the Illuminati. It wasdeveloped in a bunker. They are continuous [sic]making viruses to make a virus that will completelydepopulate a country in days. These viruses werebeing developed and some of them were accidentally released|0
In America, this is what it has come to: Health workers in scrubs standing in a crosswalk, blocking carloads of social-distance protesters.Hundreds of people gathered in Denver and elsewhere over the weekend, protesting the infringement on their rights—and underscoring America’s politically divided response.Republicans and Democrats in the US have dramatically different perceptions on the risks posed by the virus and stay-at-home orders, Axios notes. Many conservatives live in states with fewer cases, while liberals in big-cities are seeing more death up close.And yet, as some southern US states angle to lift stay-at-home orders, more than two-thirds of Americans agree that a return to normal life is too risky at this point, according to an Axios-Ipsos poll.Previous pandemics stirred protests, the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientistsrecounts—for example, during a 1894 smallpox outbreak when immigrants were forcibly removed from their homes and put into isolation hospitals.What’s different here: “Protests against government epidemic policies aren’t entirely rare; a president joining with protestors in his own country, rallying against his own policies, is,” the Scientists say, pointing to Trumps’s tweet to “LIBERATE MICHIGAN."|1
As of Thursday afternoon, 23 million people in seven Chinese cities have been placed on quarantine due to the sudden outbreak of a deadly SARS-like virus called 2019-nCoV.The illness is said to have originated in a seafood market in Wuhan and quickly spread to other areas of China, then Japan, Thailand, South Korea, and the United States. Suspected cases have been reported in Australia and Scotland. However, it is possible that there is more to the story as Chinese authorities have been running a censorship campaign to prevent the spread of information about the virus that deviates from official statements.One very strange coincidence in the development of this outbreak is the fact that a new biolab, tasked with studying the most dangerous pathogens on earth, recently began operating in Wuhan—where the illness is said to have originated.Back in 2017, just before experiments at the lab began, the prestigious science journal Nature published an article expressing concerns about pathogens escaping from the new Wuhan lab. The laboratory is a biosafety level-4 (BSL-4) facility, which is the highest level of biocontainment. BSL-4 facilities must meet rigid standards for decontaminating the area as well as workers after every experiment. However, BSL-4 labs remain extremely controversial because critics argue that these measures may not be enough to prevent a virus from escaping.According to Richard Ebright, a molecular biologist at Rutgers University in Piscataway, New Jersey, the SARS virus has escaped from high-level containment facilities in Beijing multiple times.In May of 2019, less than a year before the outbreak began, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) issued a press release that gave an overview of the projects that the new lab was currently working on. The projects included SARS, Ebola, Hemorrhagic fever, Lassa fever, avian influenza A(H5N1), Rift Valley fever, and others.Scientists have examined the genetic code of the new virus and have found that it is more closely related to SARS than any other human coronavirus. In BSL-4 labs, researchers can tweak or combine deadly viruses to create mutated strains of the original illness. A 2013 report in Nature indicated that scientists in China were creating hybrid viruses in labs.“A team of scientists in China has created hybrid viruses by mixing genes from H5N1 and the H1N1 strain behind the 2009 swine flu pandemic, and showed that some of the hybrids can spread through the air between guinea pigs,” the article revealed.The results of the hybrid virus experiment were published in the journal Science.Such experiments are usually intended to teach scientists more about certain illnesses so they can be treated and prevented better, but other research has involved intentionally making certain viruses even more deadly than they already were. Regardless of the motivation, exposing people to these pathogens, even in the most secure of settings, can be risky especially considering the fact that contagions have escaped from secure labs in the past.|0
To date, there is no specific medicine recommended to prevent or treat the new coronavirus (2019-nCoV).However, those infected with the virus should receive appropriate care to relieve and treat symptoms, and those with severe illness should receive optimized supportive care. Some specific treatments are under investigation, and will be tested through clinical trials. WHO is helping to accelerate research and development efforts with a range or partners.|1
The China Coronavirus 5G Connection is a very important factor when trying to comprehend the coronavirus (formerly abbreviated 2019-nCoV, now COVID-19) outbreak. Various independent researchers around the web, for around 2-3 weeks now, have highlighted the coronavirus-5G link despite the fact that Google (as the self-appointed NWO Censor-in-Chief) is doing its best to hide and scrub all search results showing the connection. The coronavirus 5G connection doesn’t mean the bioweapons connection is false (it’s not a case of either-or), but rather broadens the scope of the entire event. Wuhan was one of the test cities chosen for China 5G rollout; 5G went live there on October 31st, 2019, almost exactly 2 months before the coronavirus outbreak began. Meanwhile, many scientific documents on the health effects of 5G have verified that it causes flu-like symptoms. This article reveals the various connections behind the coronavirus phenomenon, including how 5G can exacerbate or cause the kind of illness you are attributing to the new virus. The rabbit hole is deep so let’s take a dive.5G – A Type of Directed Energy Weapon. For the deeper background to 5G, read my 2017 article 5G and IoT: Total Technological Control Grid Being Rolled Out Fast. Many people around the world, including concerned citizens, scientist and even governmental officials, are becoming aware of the danger of 5G. This is why it has already been banned in many places worldwide, such as Brussels, the Netherlands and parts of Switzerland, Ireland, Italy, Germany, the UK, the USA and Australia. After all, 5G is not just the next generation of mobile connectivity after 4G; it is a radical and entirely new type of technology – a military technology used on the battlefield that is now being ‘deployed’ (military term) in the civilian realm. It is phased array weaponry being sold and disguised as primarily a communications system when the frequency bands it uses (24GHz – 100+GHz including MMW [millimeter waves]) are the very same ones used in Active Denial Systems, i.e. crowd control. Even mainstream Wikipedia describes Active Denial Systems as directed energy weaponry; it disperses crowds by firing energy at them, causing immediate and intense pain, including a sensation of the skin burning. Remember, directed energy weapons (DEW) are behind the fall of the Twin Towers on 9/11 and the fake Californian ‘wildfires’.Numerous scientists have warned of the dangerous health effects of 5G. For instance, in this 5G Appeal from 2017 entitled Scientists and Doctors Warn of Potential Serious Health Effects of 5G, scientists warned of the harmful of non-ionizing RF/EMF radiation:“Effects include increased cancer risk, cellular stress, increase in harmful free radicals, genetic damages, structural and functional changes of the reproductive system, learning and memory deficits, neurological disorders, and negative impacts on general wellbeing in humans. Damage goes well beyond the human race, as there is growing evidence of harmful effects to both plants and animals.”If you listen to Mark Steele and Barrie Trower, you’ll get an idea of the horrifying effects of 5G. In this interview, Trower echoes the above quote by stating how 5G damages the immune system of trees and kills insects. He reveals how in 1977, 5G was tested on animals in hopes of finding a weapon. The results were severe demyelination – stripping the protective sheath of nerve cells. Some nations are now noticing a 90% loss of insects (including pollinating insects like bees) which congregate around lamp-posts where 5G is installed.Wuhan Military Games and Event 201 Simulation.If you dig deep enough, some disturbing connections arise between 5G and the men who have developed or are developing vaccines for novel viruses like ebola, zika and the new coronavirus COVID-19. In a fantastic piece of research, an author under the pen name of Annie Logical wrote the article Corona Virus Fakery And The Link To 5G Testing that lays out the coronavirus 5G connection. There is a ton of information, so I will break it all down to make it more understandable.2019, Wuhan hosted the Military World Games and specifically used 5G (for the first time ever) for the event. Also on October 18th, 2019 in New York, the Johns Hopkins Center in partnership with World Economic Forum (WEF) and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation hosted Event 201 – “A Global Pandemic Exercise” which is a simulation of a pandemic. Guess what virus they happen to choose for their ‘simulation’? A coronavirus! Guess what animal cells they use? Pig cells! (COVID-19 was initially reported to be derived from a seafood market, and the fish there are known to be fed on pig waste). Event 201 includes the UN (since the WEF now has a partnership agreement with UN), Big Pharma (Johnson and Johnson), Bill Gates (key figure in pushing vaccines, human microchipping and Agenda 2030) and both China and America’s CDC. Participants in Event 201 recommended that governments force social media companies to stop the spread of ‘fake news’ and that ultimately the only way to control the information would be for the WHO (World Health Organization, part of the UN) to be the sole central purveyor of information during a pandemic.Inovio, Electroporation and 5G.As reported on January 24th, 2020, US biotech and pharmaceutical company Inovio received a $9 million grant to develop a vaccine for the coronavirus. Inovio got the money grant from the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations (CEPI), however they already have an existing partnership with CEPI; in April 2018 they got up to $56 million to develop vaccines for Lassa Fever and Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS). CEPI was founded in Davos by the governments of Norway and India, the Wellcome Trust … and the participants of Event 201: the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and the WEF. CEPI’s CEO is the former director of BARDA (US Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority) which is part of the HHS. Inovio claimed they developed a coronavirus vaccine in 2 hours! On the face of it such a claim is absurd; what is more likely is that they are lying or that they already had the vaccine because they had the foreknowledge that the coronavirus was coming and was about to be unleashed.So who owns and runs Inovio? Two key men are David Weiner and Dr. Joseph Kim. Weiner was once Kim’s university professor. Weiner was involved with developing a vaccine for HIV and zika (you can read my articles about zika here and here where I exposed some of the lies surrounding that epidemic). Kim was funded by Merck (a large Big Pharma company) and produced something called Porcine Circovirus (PCV 1 and PCV 2). As mentioned above, there is a link between pig vaccines/pig DNA and the coronavirus; Annie Logical notes that it “has long been established that seafood in the area is fed on pig waste.” Kim served a 5-year tenure as a member of the WEF’s Global Agenda Council – yet another organ pushing the New World Order One World Government under the banner of Agenda 2030 Global Governance.Weiner is an employee and advisor to the FDA, is considered a DNA technology expert and pioneered a new DNA transference method called electroporation – a microbiology technique which uses an electrical pulse to create temporary pores in cell membranes through which substances like chemicals, drugs or DNA can be introduced into the cell. This technique can be used to administer DNA vaccines, which inject foreign DNA into a host’s cells that changes the host’s DNA. This means if you take a DNA vaccine, you are allowing your DNA to be changed! As if vaccines weren’t already horrific enough … but here’s the kicker: electroporation uses pulsed waves. Guess what else uses pulsed waves? 5G! This is either a startling coincidence or evidence or a sinister coronavirus 5G-connection. Annie writes:“[T]he same action that 5G technology uses in pulsed waves and the coronavirus was reported to have started in an area in China that had rolled out 5G technology! So we can see how geneticists using scientists are tampering with the building blocks of our existence and what is disturbing is that Prof Wiener is a HIV pioneer and we know that soon after the Polio vaccines were given to millions in Africa that HIV emerged. They have perfected the art of injecting animal or bird DNA into human chromosomes which alters our DNA and causes things like haemorrhaging, fever, cancers and even death.”Speaking of HIV (which is not the same things as AIDS, but that is another story), remember also that a group of Indian scientists put out their research that the virus was manmade and had HIV inserts. They found that 4 separate HIV genes were randomly embedded within the coronavirus. These genes somehow converged to create receptor sites on the virus that were identical to HIV, which was a surprise due to their random placement. They also specifically stated that this was not likely to happen naturally (“unlikely to be fortuitous in nature”). In yet another example of egregious censorship, these scientists were pressured to withdraw their work.5G and Electroporation DNA Vaccines – Both Producing Pulsed EMF Waves.Consider the implications of this for a moment. The technology exists to use EMFs to open your very skin pores and inject foreign DNA into your bloodstream and cells. This is an extreme violation of your bodily sovereignty, and it can have long-term effects, because of genetic mutation – changing your very DNA which is the biological blueprint and physical essence of who you are.What if 5G mimics electroporation? What if 5G can do on a large scale what electroporation does on a small scale? We already know that 5G has the potential to be mutagenic (DNA-damaging). The frequencies that 5G uses, especially 75-100GHz, interact with the geometrical structure of our skin and sweat ducts, acting upon them like a transmission reaching an antenna, and fundamentally affecting us and our mood.What if 5G is being used to open up the skin of those in Wuhan so as to allow the new bioweapon coronavirus to infiltrate more easily?Mandatory Vaccines, Depopulation and Transhumanism.So, what’s at the bottom of the coronavirus-5G connection rabbit hole? I would suggest we find mandatory vaccine agenda, the depopulation agenda and transhumanist agenda (via DNA vaccines). The key figures and groups who appear to have planned this already have the vaccine in place, just as they did for the other epidemics that fizzled out (SARS, ebola and zika). Weiner even has links to HIV/AIDS, and if you dive into that as Jon Rappoport did, you find gaping holes in that story.It’s the same epidemic/pandemic game played out every 2-3 years. There’s a couple of versions. In the first version, you invent a virus, hype it up, get people scared, do ineffectual and inconclusive tests (e.g. like the PCR test which measures if a viral fragment is present but doesn’t tell you the quantities of whether it would actually causing the disease), inflate the body count, justify quarantine/martial law and brainwash people into thinking they have to buy the (toxic) vaccine and introduce mandatory vaccination. You don’t even need a real virus or pathogen for the version. In the second version, you create a virus as a bioweapon, release it as a test, pretend it was a natural mutation, watch how many people it kills (which helps with the eugenics and depopulation agendas), again justify martial law, again justify the need for mandatory vaccines and even pose as the savior with the vaccine that stops it. As a variation on this second version, you can even develop a race-specific bioweapon so as to reduce the population of rival nations or enemy races as a geopolitical strategy. This article suggests that the coronavirus targets Chinese people/Asians more than others, and certainly the official death count attests to that, although it’s always hard to trust governmental statistics. Annie Logical gives her take:The con job goes like this.Step 1) poison the population purposely to create disease that does not and would never occur naturally. Step 2) parlay the purposely created disease as being caused by something invisible, outside the realm of control or knowledge of the average person. Step 3) create a toxic vaccine or medication that was always intended to further poison the population into an early grave. Step 4) parlay the vaccine or medication poisoning as PROOF the disease, which never existed, is much worse than anticipated. Step 5) increase the initial poisoning, which is marketed as a fake disease, and also increase the vaccine and medication poisoning, to start piling the bodies into the stratosphere. Step 6) repeat as many times as possible upon an uninformed population because killing a population this way (the art of having people line up to kill themselves with poison……known as a “soft kill” method) is the only legal way to make sure such eugenic operations can be executed on mass and in plain sight.“DNA vaccines are a disturbing new advancement for transhumanism. After all, the objective of the transhumanist agenda is to merge man with machine, and in doing so, wipe out what fundamentally makes us human, so we can be controlled and overtaken by a deeply sinister and negative force. It’s all about changing us at the fundamental level, or attacking human sovereignty itself. DNA vaccines fit right in with that – literally changing your DNA by forcefully inserting foreign DNA to change your genetics, with consequences no one could possibly fully foresee and predict.One Last Coronavirus-5G Connection.Finally, I will finish with another coronavirus-5G connection. The word coronavirus itself refers to many kinds of viruses by that name, not just COVID-19. Guess who owns a patent for a coronavirus strain that can be used to develop a vaccine? The Pirbright Institute.  And guess who partially owns them? Bill Gates! As yoiu can read here Pirbright is being supported in their vaccine developement endeavors by a British company Innovate UK … who also funds and supports the rollout of 5G. Innovate UK ran a competition in 2018 with a £15 million share out to any small business that could produce vaccines for ‘epidemic’ potential.The Motivation to Hype and the Motivation to Downplay.History has shown that in cases of epidemics (or fake epidemics) there is almost always a morass of conflicting reports and contradictory information. In such situations, it can be very difficult to get to the bottom of the matter and find the truth. The conflict stems from the different motivations of nations, governments and other interested groups. Essentially, there are 2 main motivations: the motivation to hype (exaggerate and use fear to grab attention, sell something, make a group look bad/incompetent, make people scared, make the public accept mandatory vaccination and martial law) and the motivation to downplay (cover up and hide the true extent of the damage, morbidity or mortality so as to appear competent and in control, to lessen possible anger, backlash or disorder). Sometimes, these 2 motivations may drive the behavior of the same group, e.g. in the case of the Chinese Government, it has the motivation to hype (to get people afraid so they easily follow its draconian quarantine rules) and the motivation to downplay (so as to appear in the eyes of its people and the rest of the entire world to have the situation under control, to ensure saving face, credibility and a good reputation).Final Thoughts on the Coronavirus 5G Connection.Governments around the world have experimented with bioweapons both on their own citizens and foreign citizens, and even sold that research to other governments for their own benefit (e.g. Japan’s notorious Unit 731 which developed bioweapons in China, only to hand over that research to the US after losing World War 2). See Bioweapons: Lyme Disease, Weaponized Ticks, Plum Island & More for a brief history of the USG’s usage of weaponized ticks which resulted in Lyme Disease. The evidence that COVID-19 is a bioweapon is overwhelming – and so is the evidence that 5G is involved to either cause the flu-like symptoms/pneumonia people have been experiencing, and/or to exacerbate the virulity of the virus by weakening people’s immune systems and subjecting them to pulsed waves of EMF to open up their skin to foreign DNA fragments (including viruses).In this kinds of story, there are no major coincidences – only connections and conspiracies waiting to be uncovered.|0
COVID-19, short for "coronavirus disease 2019," is the official name given by the World Health Organization to the disease caused by this newly identified coronavirus.|1
Today I joined Alex Jones in the InfoWars studios to record a bombshell special report. It’s entitled, “EMERGENCY REPORT: Coronavirus Is An Engineered Weapon For The Global Take-down Of The Western World.”You can watch it via this link at Banned.video or see the video embed below (also available soon via Brighteon.com).The completely unscripted video is about one hour in duration and delves into the globalist origins of the engineered coronavirus and how open borders policies and malicious negligence by the CDC are converging to create millions of infections and deaths in America as part of a globalist plot to destroy Trump and defeat America.Alex opens the special report with a 19-minute introduction that gives the big picture view of what’s happening. He then invites me on to explore issues like:Coronavirus pandemic projections for America.The SXSW cancellation and why it’s part of a psyop to spread fear on top of the legitimate concerns over the virus spread.Why President Trump is making an enormous mistake in trusting CDC, NIH and FDA advisors.How President Trump could stop this virus in its tracks and save America.The “China invasion” scenario and why China’s military will be the first in the world that’s immune to the coronavirus.How Hillary Clinton becomes president after Trump resigns under pressure following millions of deaths in America (one possible scenario we pray doesn’t happen).How Trump can protect America’s economy and prevent mass deaths by promoting anti-viral herbs, minerals and nutraceuticals that are available now and can substantially boost immune function across the population at large.Why Big Pharma is currently in control of Washington D.C. and is exploiting this pandemic to rake in billions for the drug and vaccine industries.Why globalist open borders policies were put in place before this biological weapon was released onto the world, making sure infected migrants carry the virus into Western Europe and the USA.How this pandemic achieves all the goals of the globalists: Depopulation, gun control, censorship, martial law, mandatory vaccines, destroying America,ending Trump and much more. (It’s the ultimate combo weapon system to attack the Western world and enslave humanity.)|0
The coronavirus that causes COVID-19 is primarily transmitted through droplets containing virus, or through viral particles that float in the air. The virus may be breathed in directly and can also spread when a person touches a surface or object that has the virus on it and then touches their mouth, nose, or eyes. There is no current evidence that the COVID-19 virus is transmitted through food.Safety precautions help you avoid breathing in coronavirus or touching a contaminated surface and touching your face.In the grocery store, maintain at least six feet of distance between yourself and other shoppers. Wipe frequently touched surfaces like grocery carts or basket handles with disinfectant wipes. Avoid touching your face. Wearing a cloth mask helps remind you not to touch your face and can further help reduce spread of the virus. Use hand sanitizer before leaving the store. Wash your hands as soon as you get home.If you are older than 65 or at increased risk for any reason, limit trips to the grocery store. Ask a neighbor or friend to pick up groceries and leave them outside your house. See if your grocery store offers special hours for older adults or those with underlying conditions. Or have groceries delivered to your home.|1
The CCP virus pandemic highlights a history of mismanagement, corruption, and lack of ethics in China’s virology labs, experts say. Questions have grown as to the source of the coronavirus that has claimed over 197,000 lives and infected more than 2.8 million around the world as of April 25, according to a count from Johns Hopkins. But the real number of infected and killed is unconfirmed due to the lack of accurate data from China.One widely circulated theory is that the CCP virus was manufactured inside the Wuhan Institute of Virology, something the Chinese regime has denied.Regardless, experts say the investigations into China’s research on coronaviruses point to a lack of ethics in China’s virology labs, the root cause of which is the absolute control of the CCP over these institutes.“For many years, virologists working in Western countries have imagined that their Chinese colleagues operate under the same ethical guidelines that they do,” Steve Mosher, president of the conservative human rights charity Population Research Institute, said in an email. “Certainly the written rules—copied from Western countries—look identical. But in terms of actual behavior, the practices are quite different. Everything in China is driven by the political needs of the CCP,” said Mosher.Issue of Ethics with China’s Coronavirus ResearchTheories about the CCP virus escaping from the lab originate from the fact that patient zero was infected with the novel coronavirus in Wuhan, where a highly rated researcher, Dr. Zhengli Shi, had performed gain-of-function research on the SARS virus in the institute.Gain-of-function research involves deliberately enhancing the transmissibility or virulence of a pathogen. The U.S. administration paused funding on certain kinds of this gain-of-function research in 2014, and lifted it only in 2017 with an emphasis that a “thoughtful review process” laid out by HHS be followed.Shi, also popularly known as the “bat woman” in China for her research on the winged mammals, had stored bats known to carry coronaviruses inside the Wuhan Institute of Virology.The risks involved in gain-of-interest research came under debate in an article published in Nature in 2015 that discussed a chimeric virus that was found to infect humans after it was created in a lab by genetic engineering between horseshoe bats in China and the SARS virus, by an international group of virologists including Shi. “If the virus escaped, nobody could predict the trajectory,” Simon Wain-Hobson, a virologist at the Pasteur Institute in Paris, told Nature at the time. Though it’s not certain whether the chimeric virus was stored in Shi’s lab in Wuhan, the case highlighted the risks involved in such research. Nature recently published a disclaimer saying there is no evidence indicating it was the cause of the current pandemic.U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said on the “Larry O’Connor Show” on April 23 that the United States is constantly evaluating such high-risk facilities around the world that research viruses to make sure all safety measures are followed. “There are many of those kinds of labs inside of China, and we have been concerned that they didn’t have the skill set, the capabilities, the processes, and protocols, that were adequate to protect the world from potential escape,” said Pompeo.Allegations of Sale of Animals from Lab to Market. One theory is that somehow the coronavirus came from the Huanan Seafood Market in Wuhan as a result of the pathogen jumping to humans from contaminated meat obtained from China’s research labs. Researchers from these labs allegedly sell their leftovers after they are done experimenting on the animals. Experts interviewed by The Epoch Times for this story have expressed concerns about this practice, due to reports of corruption inside Chinese labs. They fear it could be a channel of virus transmission. A group of bipartisan American lawmakers expressed their concerns in a letter (pdf) to the World Health Organization and the Food and Agriculture Organization, calling for a “global shutdown of live wildlife markets” after theories of the pandemic originating from the wet market came to the fore.A recent case of such corrupt practices was reported by The Epoch Times’ Chinese edition: Ning Li, a professor from China Agricultural University was sentenced to 12 years in jail in February for selling animals from his Wuhan lab. Of the 3.7 million Chinese yuan ($522,000) Li earned from his crimes, over 1 million Chinese yuan ($141,000) was from selling animals or milk used by the lab, including pigs and cows. Sean Lin, a former virology researcher for the U.S. Army, said such crimes are difficult to bring to justice inside China. “Even if people want to expose some institute staff or leaders selling experiment animals to the markets, their voice could be easily quenched by the institute leadership in the name of safeguarding the reputation of the institute,” he said.Wendy Rogers, an Australian expert in practical bioethics and one of Nature’s top 10 people who mattered in science in 2019, said via email that such a culture further encourages corrupt practices inside these Chinese labs. “There is widespread toleration of corruption in China, which encourages citizens to ‘get away’ with unethical or illegal acts if they can, especially if by doing so, they can make extra income,” said Rogers. ‘The System Will Become More Closed’. When asked if the pandemic will force the Chinese regime to become more transparent to the international community on its virology research, Mosher said he doesn’t believe that will happen.“The reaction of the CCP will be to become less transparent and less ethical by hiding more and more of what it does from the scientific community, by putting more and more barriers in place to publication and international cooperation,” he said.“The system will become more closed, rather than more open. This is, after all, the ‘natural state’ of a high-tech, bureaucratic, totalitarian state,” Mosher added, saying that those doctors and researchers who tried to be transparent about the CCP virus have been punished and censored.“Those who have been willing participants in the web of lies spun by the central authorities have been feted and promoted. Thus the lack of ethics grows,” said Mosher.Lin pointed out that people in China don’t have freedom of speech and during the pandemic, and even doctors and nurses couldn’t come out in the open to talk about the outbreak or the lack of “medical supplies to the public media or scientific journals.”“The world also needs to investigate whether Wuhan Institute of Virology, together with Chinese Military Medicine Units, have been conducting bioweapon development projects, even though the CCP pledged not to do so by signing the Biological Weapon Convention in 1985,” Lin added.|0
The novel SARS-CoV-2 coronavirus that emerged in the city of Wuhan, China, last year and has since caused a large scale COVID-19 epidemic and spread to more than 70 other countries is the product of natural evolution, according to findings published today in the journal Nature Medicine. The analysis of public genome sequence data from SARS-CoV-2 and related viruses found no evidence that the virus was made in a laboratory or otherwise engineered. "By comparing the available genome sequence data for known coronavirus strains, we can firmly determine that SARS-CoV-2 originated through natural processes," said Kristian Andersen, PhD, an associate professor of immunology and microbiology at Scripps Research and corresponding author on the paper. In addition to Andersen, authors on the paper, "The proximal origin of SARS-CoV-2," include Robert F. Garry, of Tulane University; Edward Holmes, of the University of Sydney; Andrew Rambaut, of University of Edinburgh; W. Ian Lipkin, of Columbia University. Coronaviruses are a large family of viruses that can cause illnesses ranging widely in severity. The first known severe illness caused by a coronavirus emerged with the 2003 Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) epidemic in China. A second outbreak of severe illness began in 2012 in Saudi Arabia with the Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS). On December 31 of last year, Chinese authorities alerted the World Health Organization of an outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus causing severe illness, which was subsequently named SARS-CoV-2. As of February 20, 2020, nearly 167,500 COVID-19 cases have been documented, although many more mild cases have likely gone undiagnosed. The virus has killed over 6,600 people. Shortly after the epidemic began, Chinese scientists sequenced the genome of SARS-CoV-2 and made the data available to researchers worldwide. The resulting genomic sequence data has shown that Chinese authorities rapidly detected the epidemic and that the number of COVID-19 cases have been increasing because of human to human transmission after a single introduction into the human population. Andersen and collaborators at several other research institutions used this sequencing data to explore the origins and evolution of SARS-CoV-2 by focusing in on several tell-tale features of the virus. The scientists analyzed the genetic template for spike proteins, armatures on the outside of the virus that it uses to grab and penetrate the outer walls of human and animal cells. More specifically, they focused on two important features of the spike protein: the receptor-binding domain (RBD), a kind of grappling hook that grips onto host cells, and the cleavage site, a molecular can opener that allows the virus to crack open and enter host cells. Evidence for natural evolution. The scientists found that the RBD portion of the SARS-CoV-2 spike proteins had evolved to effectively target a molecular feature on the outside of human cells called ACE2, a receptor involved in regulating blood pressure. The SARS-CoV-2 spike protein was so effective at binding the human cells, in fact, that the scientists concluded it was the result of natural selection and not the product of genetic engineering. This evidence for natural evolution was supported by data on SARS-CoV-2's backbone -- its overall molecular structure. If someone were seeking to engineer a new coronavirus as a pathogen, they would have constructed it from the backbone of a virus known to cause illness. But the scientists found that the SARS-CoV-2 backbone differed substantially from those of already known coronaviruses and mostly resembled related viruses found in bats and pangolins. "These two features of the virus, the mutations in the RBD portion of the spike protein and its distinct backbone, rules out laboratory manipulation as a potential origin for SARS-CoV-2" said Andersen. Josie Golding, PhD, epidemics lead at UK-based Wellcome Trust, said the findings by Andersen and his colleagues are "crucially important to bring an evidence-based view to the rumors that have been circulating about the origins of the virus (SARS-CoV-2) causing COVID-19." "They conclude that the virus is the product of natural evolution," Goulding adds, "ending any speculation about deliberate genetic engineering." Possible origins of the virus Based on their genomic sequencing analysis, Andersen and his collaborators concluded that the most likely origins for SARS-CoV-2 followed one of two possible scenarios. In one scenario, the virus evolved to its current pathogenic state through natural selection in a non-human host and then jumped to humans. This is how previous coronavirus outbreaks have emerged, with humans contracting the virus after direct exposure to civets (SARS) and camels (MERS). The researchers proposed bats as the most likely reservoir for SARS-CoV-2 as it is very similar to a bat coronavirus. There are no documented cases of direct bat-human transmission, however, suggesting that an intermediate host was likely involved between bats and humans. In this scenario, both of the distinctive features of SARS-CoV-2's spike protein -- the RBD portion that binds to cells and the cleavage site that opens the virus up -- would have evolved to their current state prior to entering humans. In this case, the current epidemic would probably have emerged rapidly as soon as humans were infected, as the virus would have already evolved the features that make it pathogenic and able to spread between people. In the other proposed scenario, a non-pathogenic version of the virus jumped from an animal host into humans and then evolved to its current pathogenic state within the human population. For instance, some coronaviruses from pangolins, armadillo-like mammals found in Asia and Africa, have an RBD structure very similar to that of SARS-CoV-2. A coronavirus from a pangolin could possibly have been transmitted to a human, either directly or through an intermediary host such as civets or ferrets. Then the other distinct spike protein characteristic of SARS-CoV-2, the cleavage site, could have evolved within a human host, possibly via limited undetected circulation in the human population prior to the beginning of the epidemic. The researchers found that the SARS-CoV-2 cleavage site, appears similar to the cleavage sites of strains of bird flu that has been shown to transmit easily between people. SARS-CoV-2 could have evolved such a virulent cleavage site in human cells and soon kicked off the current epidemic, as the coronavirus would possibly have become far more capable of spreading between people. Study co-author Andrew Rambaut cautioned that it is difficult if not impossible to know at this point which of the scenarios is most likely. If the SARS-CoV-2 entered humans in its current pathogenic form from an animal source, it raises the probability of future outbreaks, as the illness-causing strain of the virus could still be circulating in the animal population and might once again jump into humans. The chances are lower of a non-pathogenic coronavirus entering the human population and then evolving properties similar to SARS-CoV-2. Funding for the research was provided by the US National Institutes of Health, the Pew Charitable Trusts, the Wellcome Trust, the European Research Council, and an ARC Australian Laureate Fellowship.|1
Predicting the future is always notoriously difficult. The unprecedented response to the Covid-19 crisis means most bets are off on what may happen, apart from reinforcing the idea there is no alternative to state intervention. Albert Einstein famously quipped that he never thought about the future because it came soon enough. He might have been a genius, but he didn’t experience the coronavirus crisis – and thus could not imagine a time when society would be so obsessed with thinking about the future. There are a number of difficulties with trying to anticipate what society might be like after this crisis. In the first instance, we have no idea how long this will go on. Experts disagree. Some suggest lockdowns could be relaxed in three months. The UK government is now planning on at least six months. In each case, the outcomes could be significantly different. Second, whatever happens in the future we can be sure there will be continuities and disruptions, and destructive and constructive dynamics at play. Crises are never one-way streets. But – and this is critical – the coronavirus crisis will not bring year zero, a new era or clean slate in which what happened in the past will disappear or can be ignored. Nor will pandemics be the new normal. The exceptional peacetime actions taken by governments and central banks, and the reorganisation of society and the economy around lockdowns – which is inducing some behavioural changes – are temporary, not permanent. But the consequences, particularly of the unprecedented global state bailout which the Financial Times estimates to be around $4.5tn, will have a direct bearing on the future and in different ways. The increased role of the state in the economy and society is the one definite in a sea of uncertainty. In the UK the government has promised loans and grants to businesses worth £330bn, and basic pay for company employees who are left workless. The Treasury is propping up wage support, grants, tax holidays and loan guarantees. It has relaxed banking regulations to ensure lenders can provide £190 billion of extra credit, and the authorities are using moral suasion to conscript them into the Covid ‘war effort’ and back small businesses. Even despite this, it is estimated that at least a fifth of small businesses will collapse. With echoes of a wartime command economy, ministers are coordinating supermarkets to distribute food and manufacturers to make ventilators. This might evoke wartime parallels, but the analogy is inapt. Why? Because in real global wars, capital is destroyed and forced to restructure, which creates the conditions for renewed growth. The post-war boom demonstrated this all too clearly in the 20th century. In the coronavirus ‘war’, however, state spending and mobilisation are geared towards propping up pre-existing stagnation. And this is what is being studiously ignored in the many fantasies being suggested as heralding the future. Claims that this crisis is forcing traditional business to embrace the digital age, for example, are merely highlighting how vacuous the claims made by many are that we have been in a new fast-moving age of disruption and innovation. The fact that some old-line industries – from media and entertainment through retail to food and beverages – are having to go online to survive the lockdown highlights how stagnant, not innovative, so much of our economy has been, and remains. The idea, too, that people working from home represents the future world of work is another make-believe forecast. While this may appeal to doomsday environmentalists – less commuting means less congestion, less pollution and lower CO2 – the real issue is what work they might be doing, rather than the fact that it is at home. Is it productive or decorative? The so-called coronavirus war has revealed another less-acknowledged reality of the stagnant economy: namely that many essential jobs in our society are unskilled or semi-skilled, and that we depend more on these than the much-hyped white collar ‘information’ or service workers. How much difference would it make if many of the latter jobs simply disappeared? But the absence of construction, agricultural, transport, delivery, and indeed health workers, to name a few, brings home the fact that even in the ‘digital age’, we depend upon material production in sectors that have suffered decades of stagnation, non-investment and non-innovation. Even some highlights of the current crisis, like ‘Project Pitlane’ – the collaboration of seven F1 engineering teams based in England to rapidly develop a continuous positive airway pressure breathing device – should not be over-hyped. Without diminishing the accomplishment, we should soberly reflect on the fact that the best of British engineering has re-engineered an existing off-patent device, not created a breakthrough in health care. ‘Project Pitlane’ speaks to something quite critical about the future. The immediate crisis has made the world unfamiliar. But yesterday’s ideas have not disappeared. Wokeness, identity politics, inter-generational conflicts, and the culture of low expectations, will be back with a vengeance. More importantly, the risk-averse culture of precaution around climate change in particular will be larger than life. Why? Because what people have seen in the behaviour of the state – particularly the disbanding of the rule book of fiscal responsibility – will raise the obvious question: “If all this is what was necessary to deal with Covid-19, what about the climate emergency?” After all, Covid-19 accomplished what Greta and Extinction Rebellion were advocating: shut down schools, stop flights, stop people driving cars, reduce our carbon footprints, stop fossil fuel exploitation, etc. And this is surely the point about the future. While the economic consequences are going to be felt for generations to come, the more immediate effect will be its political impact. What Covid-19 has already accomplished is the final nail in the coffin of the phoney post-war ideological battle between free-marketeers and state ‘socialists’. Already the banners flying in society have inscribed “There is no alternative to the State,” following Margaret Thatcher’s famous dictum ‘There is no alternative to the market’ after the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1989. When Howard Davies, the chairman of Royal Bank of Scotland, jokingly quipped in the Financial Times that “if the government said it was nationalising all the UK’s shoe shops, people would regard it as entirely plausible,” he was not exaggerating. There has been no argument. There has been no political debate. But the state has won, and everything else will follow. If we thought yesterday’s tendency towards technocracy was strong, we haven’t seen anything yet. The authoritarian trends already on display in the current lockdown are perhaps a harbinger of a future society run along managerial principles. But crises are never one-way streets. The examples of social solidarity we have seen suggest there are other forces at play that may positively influence the future. This remains an unknown. But the renewal of the role of the state is not. We do not need to speculate about its future; it has already arrived.|0
5G was dangerous and might be linked to coronavirus.since 2019 a number of 5G cell towers had been built around Wuhan. Could the two things be related? “I have not done a fact check”, Van Kerckhoven cautioned, before piling in. “But it may be a link with current events”. And so the fuse was lit.5G is, somehow, dangerous; that 5G worsens the effects of coronavirus by weakening your immune system; that 5G outright causes coronavirus-like symptoms; that the coronavirus lockdown is being used as cover to install 5G networks; that Bill Gates had something to do with it.|0
Full-scale efforts are underway to develop a vaccine free us from COVID-19’s deadly grip. But even if they succeed (and that’s no guarantee), the question regrettably must be asked: Will people take it?Given the severity of the current crisis, taking countless lives and sending our socioeconomic systems to the brink of collapse, it seems unimaginable that anyone would reject a Coronavirus vaccine. Yet, over the last 2 decades, vaccine hesitancy has risen so substantially that the WHO now considers it a major threat to global health.Because some communities are refusing vaccines, old enemies once thought conquered are returning. Last year, for instance, the US saw its highest number of measles cases since 1992, nearly costing the nation its elimination status.Reasons for vaccine hesitancy vary, but most stem from a case of cultural amnesia. Vaccines work because they shield our bodies from disease. But in doing so, they also shield our minds. Most of us have never experienced anything close to the fear and uncertainty created by COVID-19. But similar crises have occurred throughout history. In 1918, an influenza pandemic erupted across the globe, killing 50 million people in its wake and hospitalizing countless more. Polio terrorized the US for most of the first half of the 20th century, striking abruptly and paralyzing generations of children. Smallpox, a deadly and disfiguring disease dating back to the 3rd century BCE, was finally eradicated in 1980 through vaccination.Vaccines largely erased fear of these diseases from our collective American consciousness; along with it, our sense of appreciation. Now, however, that fear has been rekindled. We have once again been forced to grapple with our own human frailty in the face of a viral pandemic for which science does not yet have a solution. But out of this uncertainty, we have united in a manner that holds future promise. In a country that prides itself on its individualism, it is inspiring to see so many readily make sacrifices to protect what we hold dearest: each other.If a COVID-19 vaccine is developed, it is easy to envision our collective spirit translating into a renewed immunization movement— driven not by government coercion, but rather by voluntary action predicated on a revived understanding of the threat these diseases pose—both to ourselves and to humanity. Hopefully, vaccination will be viewed for what it is; an act of civil service taken to protect not only one’s self but also those most vulnerable within our communities, including those who serve on the frontlines. Poorly accepted vaccines such as influenza—a disease responsible for >60,000 deaths in the US last season—might be viewed as the only sensible choice in a new era of social responsibility.Nevertheless, if we do enter a renewed age of vaccine appreciation, how long will it last? As years pass, will we inevitably fall into the same pattern of apathy until the next pandemic strikes? History tends to repeat itself and there are no easy fixes. Our best hope, as always, is education. After this crisis ends (and it will), we must commit ourselves to reminding new generations how a small viral genome overcame centuries of scientific progress and nearly toppled the world as we know it.The scientific basis for vaccination’s success is the concept of immune memory. Vaccines train our immune systems to fight infections before they invade. For some vaccines, the memory of how to fight lasts a lifetime. For others, it fades, requiring periodic boosts. After COVID-19, will our memory of this pandemic sustain our sense of obligation towards one another, unite us in a shared fight against infectious disease, and encourage a lasting commitment to vaccination? Will our memory fade or will it last forever? For humanity’s sake, I hope it is the latter.|1
Some people infected with the virus have no symptoms. When the virus does cause symptoms, common ones include fever, body ache, dry cough, fatigue, chills, headache, sore throat, loss of appetite, and loss of smell. In some people, COVID-19 causes more severe symptoms like high fever, severe cough, and shortness of breath, which often indicates pneumonia.People with COVID-19 are also experiencing neurological symptoms, gastrointestinal (GI) symptoms, or both. These may occur with or without respiratory symptoms.For example, COVID-19 affects brain function in some people. Specific neurological symptoms seen in people with COVID-19 include loss of smell, inability to taste, muscle weakness, tingling or numbness in the hands and feet, dizziness, confusion, delirium, seizures, and stroke.In addition, some people have gastrointestinal (GI) symptoms, such as loss of appetite, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, and abdominal pain or discomfort associated with COVID-19. These symptoms might start before other symptoms such as fever, body ache, and cough. The virus that causes COVID-19 has also been detected in stool, which reinforces the importance of hand washing after every visit to the bathroom and regularly disinfecting bathroom fixtures.|1
If you have a newborn, toddler or young child who is still receiving immunizations, it is important to take her to her well visit, as long as you can do it safely, according to new guidance released from the A.A.P. on March 18. “We don’t want those kids to miss their vaccines,” Dr. O’Leary said. “Then we’ll have unprotected infants,” who will be susceptible to other diseases. Your child’s first newborn visit to a pediatrician is particularly important, Dr. O’Leary said, as your doctor will want to check her weight, test for jaundice and help troubleshoot any breastfeeding issues.If your child is older and has received all of her immunizations, the A.A.P. recommends that you consider postponing your well visit for the near term. The organization also has tips for doctors to help keep their patients, parents and staff safe during their visits, including keeping well visits in the morning and restricting visits for kids who are sick to the afternoon. It also urges doctors to see kids who are sick in different facilities, rooms or floors, and to increase the use of telemedicine.|1
The concepts of social distancing and self-quarantine are being interpreted in a variety of ways, not always correctly. Here’s a guide to help you make the right decisions.When Dr. Asaf Bitton looked out from his window in Boston recently, he was shocked by the scene. Although schools, offices and businesses already had shut down to slow the spread of coronavirus, the park was packed.“I saw people from my window outside playing in the park together, and I thought, ‘This is crazy,’” said Dr. Bitton, executive director of Ariadne Labs at Brigham and Women’s Hospital and the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health. “Why did we close the schools if we’re going to shift social contact from the schools to the playground?”With a sense of urgency, he sent his wife an email to share with friends and post on Facebook. It quickly went viral and was later published on Medium, under the headline: “Social Distancing: This Is Not a Snow Day.” To slow the coronavirus, wrote Dr. Bitton, we must act quickly and start “making daily choices to stay away from each other as much as possible.”But how to make those choices has not always been clear. Concepts like “social distancing,” “self-quarantine” and “isolation” come from the lexicon of the infectious disease community (and scary movies). Here in real life, parents, workers and even government leaders are struggling to make sense of it all. Here’s a guide to help you make good decisions, based on advice from infectious disease and public health experts.Social DistancingSocial distancing is ultimately about creating physical distance between people who don’t live together. At the community level, it means closing schools and workplaces and canceling events like concerts and Broadway shows. For individuals, it means keeping six feet of distance between you and others while in public and avoiding physical contact with people who do not share your home.But one aspect of social distancing — the admonition to avoid gatherings of 10 people or more — has created a lot of confusion. It has given the impression that while public indoor events are bad, it’s OK to host up to nine people at your home or outside. That is not correct. Right now everyone should limit close contact, indoors and outdoors, to family members only. This means no dinner parties, no play dates, no birthday parties with a few friends.Who should do this? Everyone.Shelter in Place.In a nutshell, this means stay home. Don’t leave the house unless you absolutely have to. Don’t socialize with people outside your family. Don’t go to a friend’s house for dinner or invite a trusted friend over.During a shelter-in-place order, you are typically allowed to go outside for essentials — to pick up groceries or prescriptions — but you should limit those trips to no more than once a week if possible. People with essential jobs — public safety, medical, sanitation or grocery worker — can still go to work. And you can visit someone if you are their caregiver.There is a bright spot. In most cases, a shelter-in-place order allows you to walk the dog or exercise outside (for brief periods) as long as you keep a six-foot distance from others.“Right now I’m recommending to my family and to people who are asking that outdoor activities that are solitary or done in parallel with someone who is far away is fine,” said Carolyn C. Cannuscio, associate professor of family medicine and community health at the University of Pennsylvania Perelman School of Medicine. “We’re trying to avoid face to face contact, especially in close up and confined spaces.”Who should do this? Everyone who lives in an area with a mandatory shelter-in-place order, including some communities in Northern California and possibly, soon, New York City. But many infectious disease experts say that everyone else should also voluntarily shelter in place to prevent the virus from spreading. “People should really be keeping to themselves,” said Dr. Kryssie Woods, hospital epidemiologist and director of infection prevention at Mount Sinai West.Self-MonitoringThis means regularly checking your temperature and watching for signs of coronavirus infection, including fever, shortness of breath and coughing. A person who is self-monitoring should already be staying home and limiting interactions with others.Who should do this? Self-monitoring is for people who learn they might have been exposed to the virus but had only distant contact with the infected person. This might be someone in your orbit — for example, a colleague, a speaker at a conference or the parent of your child’s classmate — but not a person with whom you had close physical contact. Consult with your doctor to see if self-monitoring is recommended for your specific situation.Self-Quarantine. This term is used to separate and restrict the movement of someone who is well but who recently had close contact with a person who later was diagnosed with the virus. A person in self-quarantine should follow all the rules of sheltering in place, except they should avoid going to stores or interacting with the public even on a limited basis for a 14-day period. (A friend should bring you groceries.)Quarantine means staying home and away from other people, including those in your household, as much as possible, for a 14-day quarantine period. A person in self-quarantine should sleep in a separate space from family members.Who should do this? Anyone who does not have symptoms, but who had close contact with someone who later became ill.Self-Isolation. Isolation is used to separate a person who has a diagnosed case or someone who has distinct symptoms including a cough, fever and shortness of breath, but hasn’t yet been tested or received test results. A person in isolation should be confined to a separate room with no or minimal contact with the rest of the household (including pets) and use a separate bathroom if possible. Most of the time, a sick person will feel a bit miserable, but he or she can pick up food trays left at the door and sanitize a shared bathroom after using it.Who should do this? Anyone with a confirmed case of Covid-19, in consultation with their doctor, a person waiting for test results or a person with obvious symptoms who is still waiting to be tested. Everyone else in the household should self-quarantine.Official or Mandatory Quarantine.A government-imposed lockdown on a community, as has happened in Italy, in which movements are severely restricted. People can still go out for essentials and to get fresh air, but they can do so only under strictly controlled conditions or on a specific schedule imposed by public safety officials.Who should do this? Everyone who lives in an area under quarantine. “We haven’t seen this in the U.S.,” Dr. Bitton said. “I don’t know if it’s coming.”|1
People with COVID-19 have had a wide range of symptoms reported – ranging from mild symptoms to severe illness. Symptoms may appear 2-14 days after exposure to the virus. People with these symptoms may have COVID-19:Cough. Shortness of breath or difficulty breathing. Fever. Chills. Muscle pain. Sore throat.New loss of taste or smell.Children have similar symptoms to adults and generally have mild illness.This list is not all inclusive. Other less common symptoms have been reported, including gastrointestinal symptoms like nausea, vomiting, or diarrhea.|1
FOR AS LONG as there have been mobile networks, there have been health concerns about the radiation they emit. At first, people worried they would cause cancer. The fifth generation of networks, or 5G, aroused fears of headaches, rashes and severe skin burns.Lack of evidence has not put paid to these suspicions. Last year councils in Frome, Glastonbury and Totnes banned the rollout of the technology, backbenchers in Parliament debated the matter, and EE, a mobile network, had so many concerned calls that it dedicated a team to dealing with them.Covid-19 has given conspiracy theorists a new angle. Some pointed out that Wuhan, where the virus originated, was also one of the first cities in China to get 5G coverage. That was where their relationship with reality came to an end.Several strains of the theory have emerged. One is that 5G weakens immune systems, another that it inhibits oxygen intake, exacerbating the disease, a third that covid-19 does not exist but is a cover for 5G-related diseases that governments are trying to hush up. Amanda Holden, a TV personality, tweeted a (now-deleted) petition linking 5G with coronavirus. On April 7th, YouTube removed an interview with David Icke, a conspiracy theorist, repeating the story, and said it would ban all such content.The theories have spread like wildfire in Africa, America and Europe, says Hanna Linderstal of Earhart, a security and risk-management firm, with Europeans the most enthusiastic proponents. Last week, they led to literal fires: mobile networks’ tower masts were set alight in Birmingham and Merseyside. Workers laying fibre-optic cable have been harassed in the street.Ms Linderstal analysed dozens of videos on social-media platforms. Many of them contain “expert advice” on “how you cure the virus with cold air and move away from 5G antenna or even destroy the 5G antenna to save your family”. Though the videos’ origins are unclear, the people spreading them are mostly worried rather than malign, she says. Yet at a time when Britons are stuck at home and unusually reliant on mobile networks and broadband to connect to the outside world, the actions of a small group of scared citizens risk causing real harm—unlike the tower masts they are burning down.|1
A group of 27 prominent public health scientists from outside China is pushing back against a steady stream of stories and even a scientific paper suggesting a laboratory in Wuhan, China, may be the origin of the outbreak of COVID-19. “The rapid, open, and transparent sharing of data on this outbreak is now being threatened by rumours and misinformation around its origins,” the scientists, from nine countries, write in a statement published online by The Lancet yesterday.The letter does not criticize any specific assertions about the origin of the outbreak, but many posts on social media have singled out the Wuhan Institute of Virology for intense scrutiny because it has a laboratory at the highest security level—biosafety level 4—and its researchers study coronaviruses from bats, including the one that is closest to SARS-CoV-2, the virus that causes COVID-19. Speculations have included the possibility that the virus was bioengineered in the lab or that a lab worker was infected while handling a bat and then transmitted the disease to others outside the lab. Researchers from the institute have insisted there is no link between the outbreak and their laboratory.“We stand together to strongly condemn conspiracy theories suggesting that COVID-19 does not have a natural origin,” says The Lancet statement, which praises the work of Chinese health professionals as “remarkable” and encourages others to sign on as well.U.S. Senator Tom Cotton (R–AR) added fuel to controversial assertions on Fox News earlier this month when he noted that the lab was “a few miles away” from a seafood market that had a large cluster of some of the first cases detected. “We don’t have evidence that this disease originated there but because of China’s duplicity and dishonesty from the beginning, we need to at least ask the question to see what the evidence says,” Cotton said, noting that the Chinese government initially turned down the U.S. government’s offer to send scientists to the country to help clarify questions about the outbreak.The authors of The Lancet statement note that scientists from several countries who have studied SARS-CoV-2 “overwhelmingly conclude that this coronavirus originated in wildlife,” just like many other viruses that have recently emerged in humans. “Conspiracy theories do nothing but create fear, rumours, and prejudice that jeopardise our global collaboration in the fight against this virus,” the statement says.Peter Daszak, president of the EcoHealth Alliance and a cosignatory of the statement, has collaborated with researchers at the Wuhan institute who study bat coronaviruses. “We’re in the midst of the social media misinformation age, and these rumors and conspiracy theories have real consequences, including threats of violence that have occurred to our colleagues in China,” Daszak, a disease ecologist, told ScienceInsider. “We have a choice whether to stand up and support colleagues who are being attacked and threatened daily by conspiracy theorists or to just turn a blind eye. I’m really proud that people from nine countries are able to rapidly come to their defense and show solidarity with people who are, after all, dealing with horrific conditions in an outbreak.”|1
Over 86,500 people have reportedly died in the United States from the Coronavirus, and the fear generated by those deaths is driving the public policy debate. But that number is a dramatic overcount. Our metrics include deaths that have nothing to do with the virus. The problem is even worse as the Centers for Disease Control over counts even some of these cases and the government has created financial incentives for this misreporting. Relying on these flawed numbers is destroying businesses and jobs and costing lives.“The case definition is very simplistic,” Dr. Ngozi Ezike, director of Illinois Department of Public Health, explains. “It means, at the time of death, it was a COVID positive diagnosis. That means, that if you were in hospice and had already been given a few weeks to live, and then you also were found to have COVID, that would be counted as a COVID death. It means, technically even if you died of clear alternative cause, but you had COVID at the same time, it’s still listed as a COVID death.”Medical examiners in Michigan use the same definition. In Macomb and Oakland Counties, where most of the deaths occurred, medical examiners classify any deaths as Coronavirus deaths when the postmortem test is positive. Even people who died in suicides and automobile accidents meet that definition.Still, these broad definitions are not due to a few rogue public health officials. The rules direct them to do this. Unlike other countries,“if someone dies with COVID-19, we are counting that as a COVID-19 death,” as Dr. Deborah Birx, the White House coronavirus response coordinator, recently noted.Classifications go beyond even these broad categories. New York is classifying cases as Coronavirus deaths even when postmortem tests have been negative. Despite negative tests, classifications are based on symptoms, even though the symptoms are often very similar to those of the seasonal flu. The Centers for Disease Control guidance explicitly acknowledges the uncertainty that doctors can face. When Coronavirus cases are “suspected,” they advise doctors that “it is acceptable to report COVID-19 on a death certificate.”That isn’t just a theoretical issue. On April 21st, when New York City’s death toll rose above 10,000, the New York Times reported that the city included “3,700 additional people who were presumed to have died of the coronavirus but had never tested positive” – a more than 50 percent increase in the number of cases.But the problem is worse than this broad definition implies. Birx and others believe that the CDC is over counting cases. The Washington Post reports they are concerned that the CDC’s “antiquated” accounting system is double counting cases and inflating mortality and case counts “by as much as 25 percent.”There are additional reasons for concern. Some doctors feel pressure from hospitals to list deaths as due to the Coronavirus, even when they don’t believe that is the case, “to make it look a little bit worse than it is.” There are financial incentives that might make a difference for hospitals and doctors. The CARES Act adds a 20 percent premium for COVID-19 Medicare patients.Incentives matter. When the government increased the disability compensation for air traffic controllers, a lot more controllers suddenly started claiming to be disabled. When unemployment insurance payments increase, more people become unemployed and stay unemployed for longer periods. When the government offers flood insurance that charges everyone the same insurance premium regardless of the risk level in their area, more people build homes in frequently flooded areas.The Washington Post and others claim that we are undercounting the true number of deaths. They reach that conclusion by showing the total number of deaths from all causes is greater than we would normally expect from March through early May, and that this excess is actually due to deaths not being accurately labeled as due to the Coronavirus. But these are simply not normal times. Lots of people with heart and other problems aren’t going to the hospital for fear of the virus. Surgeries for many serious conditions are being put off. The stress of the situation is increasing suicides and other illnesses.Deaths that have absolutely nothing to do with the Coronavirus count as virus deaths. Add to that claims that the CDC is double counting some of these improperly identified cases and the perverse financial incentives created by the government, and you have a real mess when crucial decisions are being made based in large part on this data.Erroneous data unduly scare people about the risks of the disease. It keeps the country locked down longer than necessary, which destroys peoples’ lives and livelihoods in many other ways. Exaggerated fears of the virus endanger lives by keeping people from obtaining treatment for other medical problems.  It also makes it impossible to accurately compare policies across countries.It is hard to believe that we are basing such crucial decisions on such flawed data.|0
The consensus among researchers studying the spread of the virus pinpoints COVID-19’s likely origin to a “wet market,” or live animal market, in Wuhan, China. Though experts have not ruled out the possibility that the pathogen could have been brought to the market by an already infected person, there is no evidence to suggest COVID-19 originated outside the country.The origin theory for the virus is supplemented by preliminary research into the disease’s genome, as well as the origins of similar diseases. Researchers at the Shanghai Public Health Clinical Centre published the genome of COVID-19 two weeks after cases were reported in late December 2019. Gene sequencing analysis strongly suggests the virus originated in bats and was transferred to humans through a yet-unidentified intermediary species. In early February, Chinese researchers published work suggesting the intermediary species may have been the pangolin (also called a scaly anteater), though this work has not yet undergone a peer-reviewed study.The conditions for such interspecies pathogen transfer are ripe in wet markets, which are common in parts of Asia, Africa and Latin America. Severe acute respiratory syndrome, or SARS, resulted from a virus transferring from bats to civet cats and then humans. SARS, discovered in 2003, originated at a wet market similar to the one now suspected to be the origin of COVID-19.Other claims and theories about the origins of COVID-19, including that the virus was brought to by the U.S. Army during the Military World Games in October in Wuhan, are unsubstantiated and not supported by research into the virus.Researchers at ETH Zurich released a study in early March that placed the origins of COVID-19 in November at the earliest. Research published by the Scripps Research Institute in February strongly implies that the virus in humans arose naturally through interspecies transfer, putting its origin in late November or early December 2019. Both studies point to the virus’s origin in Hubei province, China.|1
Those who have read Naomi Klein’s seminal book The Shock Doctrine will remember how the ‘short sharp shock’ (primarily economic) was the tool fashioned by the Chicago School of Economics in order to create regime change in countries that resisted US hegemonic power grabs in the 1980s and 1990s.This neocolonial heist was administered to a number of South American countries, in the Middle East and also in Eastern Europe, where, in 1989, Poland’s Solidarity movement was undermined by the Chicago School’s Jeffrey Sachs posing as a libertarian anti-communist bringer of gifts from the West.A poisoned chalice, as it turned out, as Sachs infiltrated the hugely popular worker-led new political movement known as The Third Way and landed Poland with a draconian IMF loan whose repayment terms wrecked the country’s industrial base.A very similar scenario was repeated in Greece whose people are still struggling at the hands of the same treatment meated-out by The European Commission, the IMF and the European Central Bank, collectively known as The Troika.Now ‘The Shock Doctrine’ is back with us again – with a vengeance. But this time it’s not just a national shock prescription, but a global one, executed on the concocted premise of a dangerous virus which is purported to have escaped from a laboratory in Wuhan, China, at the turn of the year.The first move of this latest attempted grand heist has been to get around half the population locked-down in their own homes and induced into a state of fear paralysis. A formula that is activated by the ‘instructed’ mainstream media spreading a panic-warning of said virus spooking its way into all avenues of life and causing some form of untreatable sickness.The effectiveness of this fear-based indoctrination programme has been remarkable. A recent national opinion poll conducted in the UK suggests that more than 60% of the British public – believing what they are hearing and consequently suffering the Covid fear symptoms – do not want the lockdown measures to be lifted or even eased. This might be explained by the fact that the BBC – a masterful spreader of political disinformation – is regarded by many in the UK as ‘god’, followed closely by the Queen, on whose estate the Pirbright Institute is housed, a Coronavirus patent is officially registered and a Covid-19 vaccine is being developed.The tactics currently being deployed rely upon deliberate deception, preplanned social engineering and applied behavioural psychology being trained on great swathes of the world population via a completely compliant media which works hand in hand with a corporate/banker/political cabal whose sights are set on nothing less than totalitarian control of all avenues of human society as well as of the human brain.As long as actions taken in relation to the grand Covid scam can continue to be sold as a genuine attempt to protect citizens, rather than screw them, the lockdown can be largely kept in place, enabling the implementation of a rapid desecration of the fundamental constitutional rights of citizens living in what are claimed to be ‘democratic’ countries.But as soon as a critical mass see through the veil and cease to buy the lie, the tables will be turned; an event likely to lead to a showdown between a steadily emerging recognition of truth and a rapidly fracturing ‘fortress lie’. Our job at this moment of time is to catalyse this process.Notwithstanding the fact that any and all preventable premature deaths carry with them a real sense of loss, the outrageous absurdity of pretending that the release of a virus recognised to be a strain of common flu, should constitute a valid reason for wrecking billions of people’s lives and income sources, from one end of the world to the other, has got to be revealed for what it is: an act of preplanned genocide.Enough time has passed and enough evidence accrued to know that the death toll ascribed to Covid-19 – as farcically imprecise as the statistics are – is less than the average loss of life brought about by the standard annual winter flu cycle in Northern hemisphere countries – and just a fraction of the deaths resulting from cancer, heart disease and the other major sicknesses to which modern man typically succumbs.So instead of pouring over oceans of epidemiological evidence as though training to acquire a PhD in virology, we need to turn to face the enemy and take direct action to halt the advance of the lie machine. Studying the small details of exactly what forms the constituent parts of this particular strain of sickness, is a deviation we cannot afford to indulge in. Let specialist doctors get on with this; but let the rest of us jump to our feet and slam closed the oak door that protects our most fundamental freedoms from being eviscerated right in front of our eyes.Doctors, recognising that they are being deeply misled about the nature of this so called ‘pandemic’ must refuse to go along with the lies. They should form their own informal committees in which to share their knowledge and help those in need using best practices and common sense. Thousands are in danger of breaking the Hippocratic Oath by following directives that defy logic and rational thought.Within the legal profession, let all those who retain some human judgement demand that an immediate emergency injunction be tabled in the high court of law in their country; leading to a court order being issued against all attempts to change national constitutions and other legal acts ‘on the hoof’ without any proper debate or opportunity for those under attack to put their case and defend their lawful rights.Let all those who work in communications and media recognise that they carry a moral and ethical responsibility to do more than simply pass on a purely superficial repetition of what it is they are on hand to report. All too often journalists today act like robots – without ever exploring and reporting on the deeper issues that lie behind significant news events. Editors are equally culpable, if not more so. Both tend to land-up as hired hands to billionaires and bought-out governments.May such individuals now wake-up to the realisation that they have a duty to inform the general public of whether those whose statements they report are acting in the interests or in abuse of the health and welfare of the greater public they are supposed to serve.Journalists of all descriptions have a vital role to perform at this time. If acting responsibly means getting kicked-out of one’s job – so be it – one will at least regain a blessedly clear conscience and win the opportunity to club together with other members of the resistance, to form real and much needed new avenues of independent communication, thereby conveying words of enlightenment rather than being complicit in the further dumbing-down of fellow human beings.Teachers; stop forcing locked-down children to sit behind computer screens for hours at a time. The harm this is doing far outweighs the value of the teaching and lands parents with the task of acting as psychologists for their own distracted children. This torture must cease, as indeed must all thoughtless compliance with State educational programmes.To all those who are in any degree enlightened, regardless of what profession, job or other diverse interest one may feel aligned with – now is the time to rally to the cause.  The cause of saving families, friends and communities from being enslaved by what has increasingly shown itself to be a despotic, sinister and ruthless cabal fully intent on destroying the rule of law and replacing it with a fascistic police state. It’s no good hiding one’s head in the sand and praying it will never come to this. It already has – and we have to act accordingly.|0
A preliminary report posted online claimed that a mutation had made the virus more transmissible. Geneticists say the evidence isn’t there.All viruses mutate, and the coronavirus is no exception. But there is no compelling evidence yet that it is evolving in a way that has made it more contagious or more deadly.A preprint study — posted online, but not published in a scientific journal and not yet peer-reviewed — has set the internet afire by suggesting otherwise.On April 30, a report by a team led by Bette Korber, a biologist at Los Alamos National Laboratory in New Mexico, claimed to have found a mutation in the coronavirus that arose in Europe in February and then rapidly spread, becoming dominant as the virus was introduced into new countries.The mutation, they wrote, “is of urgent concern,” because it made the coronavirus more transmissible. Following media coverage, the prospect of a turbocharged strain hopscotching around the world has unnerved many people who already had enough on their minds.But experts in viral evolution are far from convinced. For one thing, there is no new strain: Unlike the flu, the coronavirus so far has not split into clearly distinct forms.It does mutate, but that’s what viruses do. Just because a mutation becomes more common isn’t proof that it is altering how the virus functions.Dr. Korber did not immediately respond to an email request for comment.Mutations are tiny changes to genetic material that occur as it is copied. Human cells have many so-called proofreading proteins that keep mutations rare. Still, each baby arrives with dozens of new genetic mutations.Viruses are far sloppier, producing many mutants every time they infect a cell. Many of these mutations aren’t useful to the virus, disabling it rather than helping it proliferate. A few may be beneficial to the virus. The rest have little effect one way or the other.Natural selection can favor viruses carrying a beneficial mutation, leading it to spread more widely. But it’s also possible for a neutral mutation to become more common simply by chance, a process known as genetic drift.“I don’t think they provide evidence to claim transmissibility enhancement,” Sergei Pond, an evolutionary biologist at Temple University, said of the new report in an email. “In order to establish this, you’d need direct competition between strains in the same geographic area.”Dr. Pond said you might also expect such a powerful mutation to arise in many different viruses and give their descendants an evolutionary edge. But that hasn’t happened.Some researchers took to Twitter to critique the paper. “I think those claims are suspect, to say the least,” wrote Bill Hanage, an epidemiologist at the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health.“They got a bit over their skis on title, conclusions,” wrote Brian Wasik, an evolutionary biologist at Cornell University. “They deserve a strong and good-faith peer review.”None of the critics ruled out the possibility that a mutation could arise that would make the virus more transmissible. And it’s possible that D614G has provided some sort of edge.But it will take much more evidence to rule out other explanations.|1
Viral load refers to the amount of virus detected in a sample, such as blood if the virus is present in blood, or the lungs if they can be sampled, and most commonly in nasal swabs taken for diagnosis. It is a quantitative measure of how much virus there is in a particular body fluid or site.  Certainly the higher the viral load the greater the risk of transmission to an uninfected person.  But transmission is a complex process and the amount of virus a person is exposed to is only one variable. While viral load can affect the risk of becoming infected, it is not typically associated with a more severe outcome of infection. That is determined by how well the virus replicates in the infected person, their general state of health, and perhaps genetic factors and unknown factors that change risk.|1
coronavirus could be a “5G prison for children”, with global lockdowns being used by authorities as a ruse to install 5G infrastructure in schools.|0
An unfounded conspiracy theory and pro-Kremlin disinformation narrative about the ongoing coronavirus pandemic.The first cases of COVID-19 were reported in China, in the city of Wuhan on December 31. On that day, China alerted the WHO about several cases of pneumonia from an unknown cause. Some of those infected worked at the city's Huanan Seafood Wholesale Market, which is believed to be the place where the new disease originated. Very quickly, the number of those infected rose to over 40.On January 13, the coronavirus was confirmed in Thailand, in Japan on January 16 and in North Korea and the United States on January 20. In Japan, the first case of coronavirus was confirmed in a resident of Kanagawa Prefecture who had travelled to Wuhan at the beginning of January.The first case in Italy was confirmed on January 30, when two Chinese tourists in Rome tested positive for the virus. A week later the third case was confirmed in an Italian man who was repatriated back to Italy from Wuhan.|0
The CDC now recommends that everyone in the US wear nonsurgical masks when going out in public.Coronavirus primarily spreads when someone breathes in droplets containing virus that are produced when an infected person coughs or sneezes or when a person touches a contaminated surface and then touches their eyes, nose, or mouth. But people who are infected but do not have symptoms, or have not yet developed symptoms, can also infect others. That's where masks come in.A person infected with coronavirus — even one with no symptoms — may emit aerosols when they talk or breathe. Aerosols are infectious viral particles that can float or drift around in the air. Another person can breathe in these aerosols and become infected with the virus. A mask can help prevent that spread. An article published in NEJM in March reported that aerosolized coronavirus could remain in the air for up to three hours.What kind of mask should you wear? Because of the short supply, people without symptoms or without exposure to someone known to be infected with the coronavirus can wear a cloth face covering over their nose and mouth. They do help prevent others from becoming infected if you happen to be carrying the virus unknowingly.While N95 masks are the most effective, these medical-grade masks are in short supply and should be reserved for healthcare workers.Some parts of the US also have inadequate supplies of surgical masks. If you have a surgical mask, you may need to reuse it at this time. But never share your mask.Surgical masks are preferred if you are caring for someone who has COVID-19 or you have any respiratory symptoms (even mild symptoms) and must go out in public.Masks are more effective when they are tight-fitting and cover your entire nose and mouth. They can help discourage you from touching your face (be sure you're not touching your face more often to adjust the mask). Masks are meant to be used in addition to, not instead of, physical distancing.The CDC has information on how to make, wear, and clean nonsurgical masks.The WHO offers videos and illustrations on when and how to use a mask.|1
Americans are eagerly awaiting the reopening of the country—but despite White House guidelines that foresee a near-future return to normalcy, scientists tend to disagree, the New York Times reports.While plateauing cases in hotspots like New York—achieved by strict quarantine measures—offer some comfort, uncertainty is the only guarantee. The pandemic’s future depends on huge variables including a “carefully staggered” reopening approach, and the timeline of effective treatments and a vaccine.The Center for Health Security at the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health outlined a reopening plan Friday in a new report tailored to state governors. Report co-author Caitlin Rivers said in a Q&A that while restarting economic activity is a priority, there should be greater emphasis on avoiding a repeat of the conditions that led to the current lockdowns|1
This was reported by the press service of the American Embassy in Kiev.According to the diplomatic mission, the biolaboratory funded by the Pentagon is working precisely in Ukraine for this purpose."The US Department of Defense biological threat response program is working in Ukraine with the Ukrainian government to ensure consolidated and secure storage of pathogens and threatening toxins," the US Embassy said in a statement.It is argued that all of this is necessary for "peaceful research".Recall that it was not long ago that members of the opposition platform sent requests to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, Prime Minister Denis Shmygal, as well as to the leadership of the SBU and the Ministry of Health concerning the legality of the operation of American laboratories in Ukraine.In addition, MEPs drew attention to the fact that the construction and location of objects strangely coincides with foci of infectious diseases. The US Embassy statement was a reaction to the actions of the deputies.|0
“That’s a bad idea,” said Dr. Colleen Kraft, an infectious diseases professor at Emory University School of Medicine. “It could definitely kill you.”President Donald Trump wondered aloud during a press conference whether there’s “a way we can do something like that, by injection inside or almost a cleaning.”But the Reckitt Benckiser Group, which produces Lysol cleaning products, said “under no circumstance” should disinfectants be put into the human body.|1
Mortality rates will vary by country according to several factors. First, it will depend on the age structure of the population; Italy has the second oldest population in the world, which  may partly explain the high mortality observed.Health care availability (in terms of the number of hospital and intensive care beds) and accessibility (free versus paid) will also influence mortality. For example, low death rates in Germany and South Korea are partially attributed to the relatively high number of hospital beds per capita. Moreover, disparities in death rates between Hubei province—the location of Wuhan, where the outbreak first emerged—and other parts of China are thought to be due to the rapid case rise and resulting strain on health care resources in Hubei.Lastly, a country’s testing policy will be an important determining factor. If there is widespread testing of community as well as hospital-based cases, mortality will be lower than if testing was solely focused on hospital cases.|1
From conspiracy theory to geopolitical realism, the possibility to treat COVID-19 as a biological weapon has been finally accepted in the public sphere. The recent statement by the Chinese spokesman Zhao Lijian, formally accusing the US of bringing coronavirus to China, has highlighted a series of new opinions about the pandemic.The hypothesis of biological warfare behind the global pandemic had already been raised by Russian experts some weeks ago. Like any opinion that is slightly different from the official version of Western governments and their media agencies, the thesis was ridiculed and accused of being a “conspiracy theory”. However, as soon as the official spokesman for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the second largest economic power on the planet publishes a note attesting to this possibility, it leaves the sphere of “conspiracy theories” to enter the scene of public opinion and official government versions.In addition to making the explanation of biological warfare official, Zhao Lijian raised important questions about the pandemic data in the USA: “When did patient zero begin in US? How many people are infected? What are the names of the hospitals? It might be US army who brought the epidemic to Wuhan. Be transparent! Make public your data! US owe us an explanation!”The supreme leader of the Islamic Republic of Iran, Ayatollah Khomeini, ordered on the same day of the declaration of the Chinese Ministry the creation of a unified center of scientific research specialized in the fight against the coronavirus. The motivation, according to the Iranian spiritual and political leader, was motivated by evidence that the pandemic is a biological attack. These are his words:“The establishment of a headquarters to fight the outbreak [of COVID-19] occurs due to the presence of evidence that indicates the possibility of a biological attack, signaling that it is necessary that all coping services [to the coronavirus] be under the command of a unified headquarters”.In fact, what the mainstream Western media has called a “conspiracy” has been manifested in US defense programs for a long time. We must briefly recall the official document named “Rebuilding America’s Defenses”, published by the conservative think tank “Project for a new American Century”, where we can clearly read: “(…) advanced forms of biological warfare that can target specific genotypes may transform biological warfare from the realm of terror to a politically useful tool “.Taking into account that the document was published in 2000, we can see that the possibility of biological warfare has been carefully considered and worked on by American strategists for at least two decades. However, the projects are even older. This article published in Global Research tells a brief history of biological warfare technology, tracing the remote origins of this practice by the American armed forces. In this genealogy of biological warfare, we find reports of the use of bio-weapons in wars in great conflicts of the last century, such as the Second World War, the Korea War and the conflicts with Cuba. Even so, until last Thursday, the mere fact of mentioning this hypothesis for the new coronavirus was rejected as conspiracy.We must attain to concrete data: Pentagon has 400 military laboratories around the world, whose activities are still obscure; the USA has not yet made a clear statement about the COVID-19 data in its territory, having not yet informed the identity of its patient zero and maintaining uncertain information about the number of infected; Chinese scientists conducted a complex study in which they concluded that the virus did not originate in China, but that it had multiple and diverse sources from the Huanan marine seafood market from where the virus subsequently spread.In February, the Japanese media agency Ashi TV reported that the virus originated in the U.S., not China, and that Washington would be omitting its actual numbers, with some cases of death attributed to influenza being, in fact, camouflaged cases of coronavirus; on February 27, a Taiwanese virologist presented a series of flowcharts on a TV program, corroborating the thesis that the virus has an American origin, providing a scientific explanation to the flow of the virus sources devoid of any geopolitical purpose.Another curious fact is that China has been unexpectedly affected by epidemic phenomena, particularly during the period of the trade war between Beijing and Washington. Only between 2018 and the beginning of 2020, the country recorded epidemic episodes of H7N4, H7N9 (two variations of bird flu) and African swine flu. Also, the US has not officially responded to any of these notes, remaining silent about the coronavirus situation in its territory.Not proposing a concrete answer, but only speculations, we can consider that the circumstances of the case present us a very extensive list of possibilities about what in fact the coronavirus is. Obviously, it is possible that it is not a biological weapon – and this is the official version of most of the media agencies and governments – however, once this hypothesis has been raised and no concrete evidence to the contrary is presented, it is also possible that it is a biological weapon.The most important thing to do is to dispel the myth that biological wars are conspiracy theories. We must begin to take this possibility seriously and analyze the evidences in search of real solutions. Biological weapons are methods that have long been used and that form a fundamental part of modern warfare, whose costs are less than the methods of direct confrontation of the old wars of mobilization – and whose benefits are greater.|0
Masks were the first to go. Then, hand sanitizers.Now, novel coronavirus panic buyers are snatching up … toilet paper?Retailers in the US and Canada have started limiting the number of toilet paper packs customers can buy in one trip. Some supermarkets in the UK are sold out. Grocery stores in Australia have hired security guards to patrol customers.But now the coronavirus has been found in the one place people never expected, toilet paper.An estimated 6000 more people have contracted the virus in the United States tied to a contamination of toilet paper. Testing buy Washington State Health department confirmed the COVID-19 virus particles were present in the samples they took from five separate packages of toilet paper from Big Box stores. The CDC said this strain of deadly virus “breeds rapidly in tissue fibers.”The CDC is urging people to using a wet washcloth when cleaning themselves after using the bathroom instead of toilet paper.“Use a washcloth to clean yourself after you go to the bathroom, it’s not a big deal, that’s what we did back in the old days,” said Peter Lendl, who headed the investigation of the contaminated toilet paper. “Just know which one is yours.”State Health departments are asking you to set your toilet paper outside so hazmat workers can come by and dispose of the contaminated items.“We all need to work together,” said Peter. “We need each other as a community, as a society.”Stores have been ordered to halt all sales of toilet paper until further notice. Toilet paper factories are being shut down while sanitation measures are being taken.|0
The most commonly reported mainstream media account of the creation of the Coronavirus suggests that it was derived from an animal borne microorganism found in a wild bat that was consumed by an ethnic Chinese resident of Wuhan. But there appears to be some evidence to dispute that in that adjacent provinces in China, where wild bats are more numerous, have not experienced major outbreaks of the disease. Because of that and other factors, there has also been considerable speculation that the Coronavirus did not occur naturally through mutation but rather was produced in a laboratory, possibly as a biological warfare agent.Several reports suggest that there are components of the virus that are related to HIV that could not have occurred naturally. If it is correct that the virus had either been developed or even produced to be weaponized it would further suggest that its escape from the Wuhan Institute of Virology Lab and into the animal and human population could have been accidental. Technicians who work in such environments are aware that “leaks” from laboratories occur frequently.There is, of course and inevitably, another theory. There has been some speculation that as the Trump Administration has been constantly raising the issue of growing Chinese global competitiveness as a direct threat to American national security and economic dominance, it must might be possible that Washington has created and unleashed the virus in a bid to bring Beijing’s growing economy and military might down a few notches. It is, to be sure, hard to believe that even the Trump White House would do something so reckless, but there are precedents for that type of behavior. In 2005-9 the American and Israeli governments secretly developed a computer virus called Stuxnet, which was intended to damage the control and operating systems of Iranian computers being used in that country’s nuclear research program. Admittedly Stuxnet was intended to damage computers, not to infect or kill human beings, but concerns that it would propagate and move to infect computers outside Iran proved to be accurate as it spread to thousands of PCs outside Iran, in countries as far flung as China, Germany, Kazakhstan and Indonesia.Inevitably there is an Israeli story that just might shed some light on what has been going on in China. Scientists at Israel’s Galilee Research Institute are now claiming that they will have a vaccine against coronavirus in a few weeks which will be ready for distribution and use within 90 days. The institute is claiming that it has been engaged in four years of research on avian coronavirus funded by Israel’s Ministries of Science & Technology and Agriculture. They are claiming that the virus is similar to the version that has infected humans, which has led to breakthroughs in development through genetic manipulation, but some scientists are skeptical that a new vaccine could be produced so quickly to prevent a virus that existed only recently. They also have warned that even if a vaccine is developed it would normally have to be tested for side effects, a process that normally takes over a year and includes using it on infected humans.If one even considers it possible that the United States had a hand in creating the coronavirus at what remains of its once extensive biological weapons research center in Ft Detrick Maryland, it is very likely that Israel was a partner in the project. Helping to develop the virus would also explain how Israeli scientists have been able to claim success at creating a vaccine so quickly, possibly because the virus and a treatment for it were developed simultaneously.In any event, there are definite political ramifications to the appearance of the coronavirus, and not only in China. In the United States President Donald Trump is already being blamed for lying about the virus and there are various scenarios in mainstream publications speculating over the possible impact on the election in 2020. If the economy sinks together with the stock market, it will reflect badly on Trump whether or not he is actually at fault. If containment and treatment of the disease itself in the United States does not go well, there could also be a considerable backlash, particularly as the Democrats have been promoting improving health care. One pundit argues, however, that disease and a sinking economy will not matter as long as there is a turnaround before the election, but a lot can happen in the next eight months.And then there is the national security/foreign policy issue as seen from both Jerusalem and Washington. It is difficult to explain why coronavirus has hit one country in particular other than China very severely. That country is Iran, the often-cited enemy of both the U.S. and Israel. The number of Iran’s coronavirus cases continues to increase, with more positive tests confirmed among government officials last Saturday. There were 205 new coronavirus cases, bringing the government claimed total to 593 with 43 fatalities, though unofficial hospital reports suggest that the deaths are actually well over 100. That’s the highest number of deaths from the virus outside of China.No less than five Iranian Members of Parliament have also tested positive amid a growing number of officials that have contracted the disease. Iran’s vice president Masoumeh Ebtekar and deputy health minister Iraj Harirchi had also previously been confirmed with the virus.The usual suspects in the United States are delighted to learn of the Iranian deaths. Mark Dubowitz, Executive Director of the Washington-based but Israeli government connected Foundation for Defense of Democracies (FDD) boasted on twitter Tuesday that “Coronavirus has done what American economic sanctions could not: shut down non-oil exports.” An Iranian government spokesman responded that “It’s shameful and downright inhuman to cheer for a deadly Virus to spread – and enjoy seeing people suffer for it…” Dubowitz followed up with an additional taunt, that Tehran has “spread terrorism” in the Middle East and “now it’s spreading the coronavirus.”So, you have your choice. Coronavirus occurred naturally, or it came out of a lab in China itself or even from Israel or the United States. If one suspects Israel and/or the United States, the intent clearly would have been to create a biological weapon that would damage two nations that have been designated as enemies. But the coronavirus cannot be contained easily and it is clear that many thousands of people will die from it. Unfortunately, as with Stuxnet, once the genie is out of the bottled it is devilishly hard to induce it to go back in.|0
HAS ANYONE ELSE NOTICED THE COVID-19 SCARE STARTED IMMEDIATELY AFTER IMPEACHMENT FAILED?.ITS ALL PLANNED.|0
The coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic, caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2), continues to spread globally despite unprecedented social isolation and restrictions resulting in widespread economic decline. More than 3·2 million people have been infected and more than 230 000 of them have died. To date, no treatments have been definitively shown to be effective; however, a multipronged approach to mitigate transmission, morbidity, and mortality is ongoing. While upstream prevention strategies such as vaccination are ideal, these strategies are unlikely to be available in time to address current clinical need. Instead, fast-tracking of drug development and repurposing of approved drugs has facilitated and expedited clinical trials that might hasten effective therapeutics. Many of these drugs act, at least in part, to directly limit viral replication. By contrast, the use of interleukin-6 (IL-6) inhibition might have benefits by controlling the pathological immune response to the virus. Here, we expand on the theoretical basis of IL-6 inhibition and propose potential benefits from other immunomodulators that could, in theory, prove more efficacious.For the latter phase of convalescence, hospitalised patients with COVID-19 can develop a syndrome of dysregulated and systemic immune overactivation described as a cytokine storm or hyperinflammatory syndrome that worsens acute respiratory distress syndrome and can lead to multisystem organ failure.The scarce systematic data available have shown an association between ferritin, lactate dehydrogenase, IL-6, IL-1, d-dimer, and C-reactive protein and severe disease. If this group can be identified before decompensation, early and aggressive immunomodulatory treatment might prevent need for intubation and extracorporeal membrane oxygenation. To date, observational studies suggest a possible benefit but results of placebo-controlled randomised clinical trials are not yet available. Given the methodological limitations of existing studies, more evidence is needed. With the rapidly expanding number of critically ill patients, there is an urgent need to identify multiple putative biological targets. While IL-6 inhibition attenuates key aspects of the cytokine cascade, we posit other immune targets of inhibition to be considered and their potential to be more efficacious in the setting of COVID-19, specifically IL-1 inhibitors and Janus kinase (JAK) inhibitors.Observational data show overlapping clinical features in severe COVID-19 with macrophage activating syndrome (MAS) and secondary haemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis (HLH). Hyperinflammatory states, specifically in fatal cases, highlight why consideration of HLH and MAS therapies are warranted. Furthermore, the pathogenesis underlying SARS-CoV-2 involves several key pathways that can be manipulated, and use of these therapies can mitigate the propagation of an overdriven inflammatory response (figure).Although few patients with severe COVID-19 would meet criteria for MAS, it is proposed that they are on the spectrum and that MAS or secondary HLH therapies might be of benefit. IL-1 inhibitors are key therapeutics in the treatment of MAS or secondary HLH, but also boast an impressive safety profile with risk for infection and demonstrated safety when used in pregnant women and children. By inhibiting IL-1 signalling, they reduce a prominent drive on NF-κB-mediated upregulation of multiple cytokines, including IL-6. Additionally, a post-hoc analysis of a randomised controlled trial in sepsis indicated that patients with sepsis who had features of transaminitis and coagulopathy, a phenotype emerging within the COVID-19 population, might uniquely benefit from IL-1 inhibition. Ongoing clinical trials using IL-1, IL-6, or JAK inhibitors in COVID-19 are listed in the appendix.JAK inhibitors can treat a cytokine storm by inhibiting multiple inflammatory cytokines. Most JAK inhibitors are particularly effective at JAK 1 and JAK 2 inhibition—less so JAK 3 and TYK 2—and therefore are particularly effective at inhibition of IL-6 and interferon (IFN)-γ, but also inhibit IL-2 and the IFN-α/β signalling cascade. Most JAK inhibitors have been associated with increased risk for thrombosis, viral reactivation, and myelosuppression. However, these adverse effects (except myelosuppression) are likely to be dependent on duration and dose. As with IL-1 inhibitors, JAK inhibitors generally have short half-lives and can have efficacy within days. These characteristics are favourable given that duration of use in patients with COVID-19 should be short term. Ruxolitinib, a JAK 1/2 inhibitor, received US Food and Drug Administration approval for steroid-refractory graft-versus-host disease, a frequently fatal complication of allogeneic haematopoietic cell transplantation characterised by unconstrained inflammation and tissue damage. Off label, it has also effectively managed inflammatory complications in patients with genetic disorders that result in overactivity of the STAT1 pathway and in resistant MAS or secondary HLH of multiple causes, including viral. Further understanding of the complex crosstalk that occurs, involving both viral and host survival strategies, might identify the need to target multiple different mechanisms to safely balance viral destruction while promoting host survival. Clinical trials will be key in determining these effects across a potential heterogeneous population, while simultaneously monitoring the side-effect profile of these drugs to ensure any potential benefits are not outweighed by harms.In conclusion, as insight is gained into the clinical phenotypes associated with COVID-19, we propose JAK and IL-1 inhibitors as therapeutic targets warranting rapid investigation. Multidisciplinary collaboration with experts in haematology, inflammation, tissue damage, and repair and resolution is paramount.CJT is a principal investigator for two randomised controlled trials investigating angiotensin II receptor blockers in the treatment of COVID-19 among inpatient and outpatients. NEI is also a co-investigator on these grants. SGH has served as a consultant for Incyte, Bristol-Meyers Squibb, and Generon, outside of the submitted work. NEI and SL-E contributed equally. All remaining authors declare no competing interests.|1
In this report we take an inside look at Event 201, which took place in NYC on October 18 2019. Event 201 is a high-level pandemic exercise hosted by the Johns Hopkins Center for Health Security in partnership with the World Economic Forum and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. This is extremely fascinating because this pandemic simulation exercise of coronavirus took place about 6 weeks before the first illness from the coronavirus was actually reported in Wuhan, China. That is one hell of a coincidence if you believe in that sort of thing. Another fascinating connection is the fact that not only did the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation participate in and help set up the pandemic simulation of a coronavirus outbreak, but they just so happen to fund the group who owns the patent to the deadly coronavirus and are already working on a vaccine to solve the current crisis. Again, an incredible coincidence. In this report you will see footage from inside the event from the members of the emergency epidemic board in this simulation consisting of representatives from major banks, the UN, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, Johnson and Johnson, logistical powerhouses, the media as well as officials from China and America’s CDC just to name a few. This simulation also includes news reports that were fabricated just for this exercise — please keep that in mind because they are eerily similar to reports we are currently seeing regarding this real-world coronavirus outbreak.|0
health authorities have recommended shaving their beards to protect themselves from the coronavirus |0
You just need to add water, and the drugs and vaccines are ready to be administered. There are two parts to the kit: one holds pellets containing the chemical machinery that synthesises the end product, and the other holds pellets containing instructions that telll the drug which compound to create. Mix two parts together in a chosen combination, add water, and the treatment is ready.|0
First of all, Wuhan is a place and not a race, and to identify the coronavirus by its place of origin, like naming the Ebola Virus for a river in Zaire, is not racist or xenophobic — it's merely accurate.  There is no racism or xenophobia in labeling an infection "Rocky Mountain Spotted Fever" or calling something "Lyme Disease" after a nearby town in Connecticut. What calling this latest virus the Wuhan Virus is is a reminder of the multiple contagions China has spawned and released on an unsuspecting world.  Nor is connecting some very big, ugly, and obvious dots just another conspiracy theory to be dismissed out of hand. From the beginning China has been less than forthcoming about this virus and resisted sharing critical data and access to WHO and CDC specialists.  And have we forgotten Dr. Li Wenliang, the 33-year-old ophthalmologist based in Wuhan, the epicenter of the contagion, who tried to tell the world that China was hiding something malevolent, only to be silenced and imprisoned by Chinese authorities for allegedly fabricating lies about the disease's deadly potential?  He would later die of the disease he tried to warn us about and the Chinese tried to keep under wraps: In an interview with the Communist Party–controlled Beijing Youth Daily newspaper in late January, Dr. Li recalled seeing reports in December of an unusual cluster of pneumonia cases linked to an animal market in Wuhan. On Dec. 30, Dr. Li told the newspaper, he sent a message to former classmates on WeChat, a popular messaging app, warning them of new cases of severe acute respiratory syndrome, or SARS.  He later corrected that, saying it was an unknown coronavirus. Dr. Li was later interrogated by party disciplinary officials and hospital management, who accused him of spreading rumors and forced him to write a self-criticism, he told the newspaper. "They told me not to publish any information about this online," Dr. Li told the Beijing Youth Daily in late January.  "Later, the epidemic started to spread noticeably.  I'd personally been treating someone who was infected, and whose family got infected, and so then I got infected." In speaking out about the virus and about government efforts to silence him, Dr. Li drew comparisons to Jiang Yanyong, a surgeon who became a hero after blowing the whistle on Beijing's efforts to cover up the extent of the SARS crisis in 2003. Initially, a live animal market in Wuhan, where exotic animals are sold for food, was blamed as the source of the virus.  It may yet be proven to be the epicenter of the outbreak, but it was not the source of the virus.  That honor goes to the Wuhan National Biosafety Laboratory, housed at the Wuhan Institute of Virology, a scant 20 miles away from Wuhan's live animal market.  It was set up in the wake of previous leaks of the SARS virus from Chinese labs and to do research on the world's most dangerous viruses.  As the Daily Mail Online reports: It was the first ever lab in the country designed to meet biosafety-level-4 (BSL-4) standards — the highest biohazard level, meaning that it would be qualified to handle the most dangerous pathogens. BSL-4 labs have to be equipped with airtight hazmat suits or special 'cabinet' work spaces that confine viruses and bacteria that can be transmitted through the air to sealed boxes that scientists reach into using attached high-grade gloves. Upon opening, it planned to first take up a project that required only BSL-3 precautions to be in place: a tick-borne virus that causes Crimean-Congo hemorrhagic fever. It's a highly fatal disease, killing 10 to 40 percent of those it infects. SARS, too, is a BSL-3 virus.  According to Nature's interview with the lab's director, Yuan Zhimin, the Wuhan National Biosafety Laboratory planned to study the SARS virus. 'After a laboratory leak incident of SARS in 2004, the former Ministry of Health of China initiated the construction of preservation laboratories for high-level pathogens such as SARS, coronavirus, and pandemic influenza virus,' wrote Guizhen Wu. The Wuhan lab is also equipped for animal research. To be clear, this is not to say the Wuhan Virus was part of any biological weapons program or that its release was intentional.  It could just be that it was the result of Chernobyl-like sloppiness resulting from a bizarre blend of Chinese culture and global ambition.  Indications of military involvement in the Wuhan lab are there and troubling. In a New York Post op-ed, Steven W. Mosher, president of the Population Research Institute and the author of Bully of Asia: Why China's "Dream" Is the New Threat to World Order, documents the linkage connecting the Wuhan lab, the nearby live animal market, and the spread of the Wuhan Virus: At an emergency meeting in Beijing held last Friday, Chinese leader Xi Jinping spoke about the need to contain the coronavirus and set up a system to prevent similar epidemics in the future. A national system to control biosecurity risks must be put in place "to protect the people's health," Xi said, because lab safety is a "national security" issue. What Xi didn't say is that the coronavirus that has sickened more than 76,000 and claimed more than 2,200 lives escaped from one of the country's bioresearch labs.  But the very next day, evidence emerged suggesting that this is what happened, as the Chinese Ministry of Science and Technology released a new directive entitled "Instructions on strengthening biosecurity management in microbiology labs that handle advanced viruses like the novel coronavirus." As Mosher points out, not only is the Wuhan lab China's first level-4 facility, but it is the only one, and it is under close and active supervision by the Chinese military: The People's Liberation Army's top expert in biological warfare, Maj. Gen. Chen Wei, was dispatched to Wuhan at the end of January to help with the effort to contain the outbreak. According to the PLA Daily, Chen has been researching coronaviruses since the SARS outbreak of 2003, as well as Ebola and anthrax.  This would not be her first trip to the Wuhan Institute of Virology either, since it is one of only two bioweapons research labs in all of China. Clearly, this People's Liberation Army officer was there not just to preserve the public order after something went awry in their quest to find a cure for the common cold.  You don't need a general doing research on coronaviruses at bioweapons research labs to impose a quarantine. Worse yet, the virus may have been released by underpaid researchers who sold contaminated lab animals to make a little extra cash on the side: And then there is this little-known fact: Some Chinese researchers are believed to sell laboratory animals to street vendors after they have finished experimenting on them. Instead of properly disposing of infected animals by cremation, as the law requires, they sell them on the side to make a little extra cash.  Or, in some cases, a lot of extra cash.  One Beijing researcher, now in jail, made the equivalent of a million dollars selling monkeys and rats on the live animal market, whence they likely wound up in someone's stomach. This isn't the first made-in-China virus Beijing has sprung on the world.  And it won't be the last unless we stop worrying about political correctness and sanction China for what amounts to economic warfare and negligent homicide on a global scale.|0
How are more Americans not completely outraged about what is going on in our country!?Does no one else find it weird that #BillGates - an unelected official, a computer guy with no medical degree, seems to be the world’s leading health expert on the coronavirus, telling everyone what we need to do & when its safe to go back to normal?Its a little odd, that the same guy who led Event 201 just a few weeks before the first outbreak in China, where they had an exercise preparing & planning for a pandemic outbreak & can you guess what virus they chose for this "hypothetical" exercise? If you guessed the coronavirus you must be a psychic!This is the same guy that's going to profit the most from this virus with his vaccines he's pushing on everyone. I can guarantee you right now they will make this a seasonal virus just like the flu, so they can profit off the vaccines every year.In the past week, he's been making the media rounds on CNN & other shows saying we can all gather again once we've all been vaccinated! In another interview, he said that you will need to provide a vaccination certificate to work & travel.He also has a company called ID 2020 which will track everyone through microchips the size of a grain of rice that they inject into you with a needle. It will track everywhere you go & everything you do, but please don't take my word for it, google ID 2020. This is not the future, they have already done it in some countries & even some workplaces.Might I also add that this diabolical man is also THE largest donor of the World Health Organization? Think about that folks. THERE. IS. AN. AGENDA!!!|0
Not long before Chinese coronavirus started making global headlines, The Johns Hopkins Center for Health Security, in partnership with the World Economic Forum and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, held a high-level pandemic exercise called “Event 201” that seems to have been a predictive blueprint for what’s now transpiring with the coronavirus outbreak.On October 18, 2019, representatives from each of the aforementioned groups descended on New York City to discuss how they would respond to “a severe pandemic” much like the one we’re now being told is spreading across China and into the West.The exercise “illustrated areas where public / private partnerships will be necessary during the response to a severe pandemic in order to diminish large-scale economic and societal consequences,” an official announcement from Event 201 reads.“In recent years, the world has seen a growing number of epidemic events, amounting to approximately 200 events annually,” the announcement goes on to explain. “These events are increasing, and they are disruptive to health, economies, and society.”According to the event’s organizers, a pandemic like the one we could be seeing form right now before our very eyes requires “cooperation” among governments, industries, and “key international institutions” – the latter presumably referring to organizations like the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.Is coronavirus yet another ploy to thin the “herd” and sell more vaccines?The timing of Event 201 is nothing short of suspicious in light of the fact that coronavirus is all the media is talking about right now. It’s even eclipsing President Trump’s impeachment proceedings in the Senate, with news about entire cities in China that are home to tens of millions of people being put under mandatory quarantine.We’re also seeing headlines about coronavirus popping up in major U.S. cities like Seattle, Houston and Chicago, which is starting to generate panic here in our own country about how far this thing will go before either fizzling out – a best-case scenario – or spreading like wildfire.As Mike Adams, the Health Ranger, is now warning, the rapid adaptation or mutation of coronavirus suggests that this might be another weaponized viral strain that was intentionally unleashed for eugenics purposes.Mainstream reporting is admitting that coronavirus is constantly changing like some kind of self-replicating bioweapon, which is all too convenient considering that the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation-funded Pirbright Institute owns a patent on coronavirus for vaccine creation purposes.Was this whole outbreak engineered for the purpose of scaring the general public into accepting yet another government vaccine? Is it also about depopulating the planet as part of Bill Gates’ admitted efforts to use vaccination and “health care” as a means of reducing the world’s population by 10 to 15 percent?Time will tell what becomes of this latest public health scare, but one thing is for sure: Bill Gates and his eugenicist buddies are chomping at the bit to vaccinate the entire planet against coronavirus and any other disease they can conjure up as a deadly bioweapon.At the current time, the fatality rate associated with coronavirus infection is relatively low, around two percent. But that could very quickly change as the virus mutates and adapts to new environments, creating the horrific scenario predicted by Event 201.“Experts agree that it is only a matter of time before one of these epidemics becomes global – a pandemic with potentially catastrophic consequences,” the Event 201 description ominously forebodes.“A severe pandemic, which becomes ‘Event 201,’ would require reliable cooperation among several industries, national governments, and key international institutions.”To keep up with the latest news about coronavirus, be sure to check out Outbreak.news.You can also learn more about how many of these contagion scares are pre-planned, engineered false flag events at FalseFlag.news.|0
